[Music]
[Applause]
ah
[Music]
w
[Applause]
[Music]
H
T
[Music]
[Applause]
H
[Music]
[Applause]
H
[Music]
What's up my people, let's listen a little
of music and we begin okay Hey now
we are direct
[Music]
Hey
tut
[Music]
pam pam pam pam
pam pam pam pam pam pam
[Music]
and
one more And we begin okay I'm
finishing preparing what we are going to have
entertaining direct okay
brendy how are you
[Music]
gorgeous to look for another
door
s To The Mystery of the
night I know There is an Easy
way It is my Choice
anyway Don't Let Me was my Time in faith
thinking
Anymore not to be watch me I never Will
Upon
you I can
go
Myself from
me for and looking for
the the
fre
[Music]
nobody to me
H Happy Life
Dream for a
fortune I feel That My wish Will come
true
never thought I had to
that you my treasure tell me what i'm
really look
for
fcy came to my mind it le me to
somewhere far
away distant
Distant place
time
[Music]
for anding for
there's a lot of things to do Come
on to G It's Time to play the
game me
what
for
I'll Myself I Know
[Music]
Yo
for there to see Come
[Music]
on tell me
what I'll keep it
forever Dreams are Always around me
it comes to my really clear
[Music]
me for
an
[Applause]
[Music]
For Paradise I'll Keep
forever
for
[Music]
Oh something touch something touch there
Look, man, something is happening to me. Good
Good evening, how are you, family?
nights forgive me Let's see what's happening to me
A little thing with Chrome. Well, it happens to me.
with all browsers for
some days I don't know why some
tweets some video clips of
Twitter stays like this and doesn't load.
I don't know why not all of them, eh?
some must be some format in
concrete okay I don't know which one But there is
some Twitter clips that made me
Uncle and I'm interested in seeing the clip and no
I can
Uncle interested to see click and I don't
And this is something I've touched on from the
configuration but I don't know the
what I don't know what guy didn't warn you about
WhatsApp but oh well nothing happens dude No
nothing happens nothing happens whoever comes
this and nothing happens nothing happens I'm going to
be a while I'm going to be a while I'm
a little bit calm and relaxed because
today
Well I went to get a massage I'm fine
relax okay I went to get a massage I am
to relax and tomorrow I'm on vacation
Hey tomorrow I'm on vacation tomorrow I
I'm going with Lorena over there and making a plan.
romantic without
Children, tomorrow I disappear, there is content
eh There is content don't worry for
On Sunday, obviously, maybe not
Of course, by Sunday I don't know what it is.
just the extra account goes through that no no
No no, but it doesn't happen to me with some
accounts That is, not with not with some
accounts but with some tweets of
videos I don't know if it's the format's fault
From Twitter It happens to me too
Here the solution is to take the
clip and download it quickly to see it is
a bit of a drag it's a bit of a drag but
Well, we'll do it like this until someone
give me a solution but it's just that I
Twitter clips are very useful
because the audio is fine, it comes to me
very good the Twitter clicks because of
there eh I take out a lot many times to the
newscasts
uncle of the Twitter clips of clip of
Uncle Sur's video, I'll steal some from you, Uncle Sur
maybe it's not a joke well yeah it's not a joke no
It's a joke, it's not a joke, I sometimes steal from him
Uncle South Claro Why not sure that
He steals from me too. Hey, let's see.
This Dallas thing, if I put it like that, is very
big if I put it like that I am very handsome d
review brings to light quite a bit of evidence
W's shady dealings that invited a minor
age to a Stream where they ended
things were happening and they were banned for only 3 days
what
How I just came from Watching the video of the
main and you come to mention messages
a kiss that Well the main channel what
that you were scolding me
seen as the main channel there is to
leave it for quite serious topics
We are marking a series of Jeffre
Epstein and we still have eh
We still have a few left
videos eh today's has not been uploaded
still
not today's yet no he didn't tell me inz
that he was super busy because he was
making a pretty cool move no no
Today's is not uploaded yet But
Well
eh at any time while
we are live I imagine that
will go up I've been with him all day eh
Because it's happening to you that pisses you off And it is
that I watch the main channel for
That's what you're telling me, dude, that this is
Seriously, I still make videos.
edited and worked by youtuber too
but I'll leave them here, in the sauce shop.
I leave here the other day I uploaded a video of
ccu that was a marvel eh the other day
how are we lately this we are
working but
Come on, we're working. Ah, what are you doing?
son of a [ __ ] Sony Javier canijo
Look, you put Javier canijo p And still
You get it if you put Ja canijo you find
the channel the only thing I'm missing is that I
it
He said the newscasts gave him a list of
reproduction So I will order the
the main page of my channel and I will put
news videos and such for what
You come here and say, come on, newscast
Pin Pin Pin eh extract Pin Pin Pin and
find what you want so that you can
have it there handy okay But the
video let's go we have two videos edited
Here This seems to me a video
I think it's a spectacular video
unmissable I don't know why it doesn't have
500,000 views because he's so handsome
I spammed it here in case there is someone who
I haven't seen it, okay, another girl
story that kocu doesn't tell you is worth it. And
then there is this issue Oh, I'll cover it up
me but it's up here you see it don't you
They have told the truth windy against Ari
Gameplay and the beds 50,000 visits has
the video already has 50,000 views
the newscasts are quietly on
working well, not to see today's already
has
35 the previous one
32 33 well it's starting in the
main They had a little more But
Well, they are starting, they are going
starting is fine is fine the title
It's real Valeria, watch the video because
the title is real the title is real
watch the video that the video is
impressive and me
smells like some reason and this is not
is this not home here this ah because
I have something to see about this one yes This one
It's the one we were going to see I have something
What about complaints, listen to me
and it smells and smells according to the headline
What I just read here smells like
There will be a Wescol video soon. I have it.
several things to tell you about wc and y no
I think they go unnoticed, eh? I don't think so.
that go unnoticed this month
Nobody can tell you that you didn't grab the
totally that totally There we go
to the sack, that's why tomorrow I'm going to take the
day of relaxation eh Ya Today half half Today
half half that I get it
I took it and went to the beauty salon to get it done.
eyebrow to give me a massage
eh relaxed I was there I have
pizza stand up to the ass in the
hurricanes
and here I came for a while because you
I missed but
Tomorrow, tomorrow I'm going to have a drink
day of the hosa Javi Juanico banana tea
wrote in the chat but botrix deleted it
There why is this son of a [ __ ] botrix?
This Bot Why the hell do people delete it?
Juanico, you respect Juanico, eh?
you have to see and it is the production of
suggestive content of a minor in one
of his streams, which is why he apparently
was previously banned let you read the
testimony and evidence provided by Al
respect because I think there is evidence of
leftovers but to do an action
Juanico write me on WhatsApp Yes
You want a penalty against this guy?
minimum for Twitch to have dedicated itself to
ban channels for much less
ask yourself what the hell you are doing with your
life that does not ban this type of channel
who was dedicated to producing this kind of
content with minors then we
surprises his friendships with the coscu and
other criminals start with the
principle because there is per lo lo of wcol
It's for I'm going to be a video of
wcol I'm going to make a wcol video. Okay.
I don't know if this week
eh No Dafne I won't miss you because
There is content in fact for this
night for tonight there is a video in the
main channel that is amazing to make me
case
and I don't think I'll have time tonight, no
I'm going to record the other one I already have
prepared I will record it on Sunday and
Monday I have an interview on the channel
The main thing is that I don't know if I'm going to do it in
I'm going to record it directly to edit it
I have that doubt, okay, but I have one
interview with f New do you remember F
Michael Jackson expert we got
that I went to Jordi's podcast
Do you remember a crack many tests to
respect Let's start very carefully because
all this there are conversations that
the girl contributed and everything and it says like this
It was a single stream situation.
which was a chupistream for those who didn't
know this garbage from the chupi streams
They are basically repulsive actions
where the group dedicates itself to
chatting on Stream while poisoning
your body with alcohol constantly see
famous people doing these
chupistream drinking alcohol and doing it
see it as if it were something fun 300
Kelvin salseria 500k oliveira y 200
Kelvin telesalseo equals one million 200
Hey, a kiss, Tesa, my beautiful girl, how are you?
Thanks for that piece of Super chat A
see well let's see I was going to tell you do you aspire to
a lot but really man to telesalseo
Telesalseo is costing me a lot
a little more now is not bad I think
We have 3 and a half million this month.
It's going badly but I can't get over it
hook the strong telesalseo theme
as it was for example with the subject
Daniel Sancho with the theme Sancho I love it
I took it but it's true that Javi Oliveira
is less than 20,000 of the 500,000 and that
This is less than 8 to less than 8000
for the 300,000 So it is very likely
depending on the topics and the salcio
that in this we reach 300
300 Kelvin
Of course, drinking alcohol is more important than anything else.
pathetic that you can see drinking alcohol
that you take one that you drink alcohol
in a meeting with friends, well no
It's wrong, nothing happens being older than
age eh It's okay, I mean I don't drink
a lot of truth only sometimes
very punctual Maybe so he can drink
When I was a kid I did drink, right?
when I was a kid I
I refer to the age of the disco
no 18 20 22 drank drank that I remember
that my grandmother took me and my grandmother took me
He said Look at the child Look at the child how he goes
that as luck would have it, the glass fell on the son
[ __ ]
but the god damn No, I added that to him
but
The truth is that he did hit me.
He had some really shitty parties and what's more
then I got ready to go to work
discotheque directly as it was going no I don't know
nor how he doesn't staple my hands but the la
It is true that it is clear to do this in
direct one thing is that I am here
having a beer and well I'm feeling good
having a beer but of course already a
chupi Stream is to get drunk in
direct has several dangers that
really eh really has several
dangers I wouldn't mind doing it
really with people you like
trust Hey imagine if there would be one here
tonight we are having a drink, I don't know what
but of course it is true, eh?
honestly it has a couple of dangers
one that you don't think the same when you are
drunk eh when you're not
So yes, you get very happy.
you are more sincere than necessary and
you can lie no and another thing is that
Man, let the kids see it and be
think that Oh how cool there is no need
getting drunk then yes you should not
you will be truly welcome
Thank you so much, handsome, very handsome.
Thank you very much we are about to
reach 1900 members remember you
all of which only cost 90 cents
But once a year I don't see it as bad.
I see you on special occasions if I am
very sincere no no no it's not something that I
enchanted but it is true that when
I get confused I get confused Pin Pin Pin eh I get confused
There you know how to enjoy and drive me crazy
I don't know what your life is like, it disgusts me.
irremediable truth, let us also remember
that in this chupistream this girl had
17 years which makes the case even more
serious and proves once again my point that
Even a 17-year-old girl is capable of
stop by a chupistream to see if
gain some fame from the clown of
wescol And of course the wescol no
problem that a smaller girl comes to
drink alcohol But this is not the only thing
because if this were the only thing but no no
It is and it says in which they were made
I was asked out of place questions
show the clothes and dance in front of
the camera to which I finally refused and
I left Stream, this in Colombia, I don't know.
how it would be represented in a matter of
crimes but I know that in the United States they
known as intent to produce Child eem
eem no because it is basically to be
soliciting a minor
to carry out this kind of actions and
says being the case after it is
He ended up with two older women himself
of 18 naked eem eem giving each other and two
men one wescol to eem eem arsen
while they were dancing and watching them
the girls dance in full stream this
generated the banning of all accounts
but it was temporary at the time remember
the live where you forgot to return
a drink, damn it, that's it, eh? Oh
My goodness, but we're going to see that one in
wait a minute, of course, if I did
chupi Stream would be the best chupi
Stream of the world
because I am the funniest youtuber and
charismatic of the planet
no Josefina I almost choked
Hello Josefina, how are you?
daughter, how are you here?
Josefina Let's see I want to find it Because
I think I have it in my account
Facebook that I don't know why it's on me
loading so
Slowly I want to find it Look at my t is
giving 10 members a Tesa kiss
Thank you very much, give everyone a round of applause.
world to tesa that has had to give away
the members because you do not
you give it away you have had to give it away for
that we arrive Well then we are already at
less than 100 to reach 2000 again
I would be ashamed if I didn't
we arrived
Oh, but the page loads very slowly.
from Facebook and I want to put a video
Uncle, what's wrong?
Uncle, we open the can, he says.
Tesa, let's see, man, is there a way?
from Find the oldest video
is that he doesn't have as much of a youtuber as you
you say Search for more
old is that there is no way to go to
see if I put it in
bibl if I go in and order for more
old does not come out No
look
Yes yes yes I think we are going to have
no, it doesn't exist anymore
It will be that this video no longer exists and no
it
I have it, will it be that I don't have it?
Uncle Rxo Thank you very much for giving a gift
member maybe I don't have it uncle the
video
uncle
maybe I don't have it eh the video Oh
What a shame and where can that be, man?
where could we find that
Uncle, where could we find that?
you gre
Willy What's up man, you're crazy and
Salt
only
Ah, just for TR days, right? He's done it.
a ban for only three days and I've done
several permanent ones for much less is
It makes me feel sick and I really feel sick.
The evidence I have is what you
I sent them now I show them to you with them
asked to show the clothes I spoke of that
I took a spin to show what I had
since all the information was deleted
because four streamers out of five that
They were obviously banned
that I was not banned and then after
expressing my disgust on the subject I went
harassed by Wescol followers
But this seems totally repulsive to me.
that this guy has such followers that
It's because they said he had made history
in that Stream with a peak of 1500
true. That is, for some reason wescol is
He has managed to be a huthier who is a colero
He and all the people who follow him are
explicitly just as sick as he is
It made a lot of sense what he said because
I should be grateful for being invited
West said in his Stream when he talked about the
topic that they were going to wait for me to leave
from the Stream to start with the examples
ahem knots being that I had been the one
who had refused to dance all this time
situation was when I was 17 years old yes
The woman later expresses her fear
To be honest, this is what I am saying.
can do It has a lot of reach
and money involved in Latin America
It is a direct indication not to get involved
Fernando, a very handsome kiss. Many
thanks for those five pieces of
members a round of applause my entire chat for
Fernando, okay, man.
mm is that wcol is too eh is that
wescol is a lot of cloth, man, but it is that
is the profile of wescol is the condition
of him eh We were already seeing
how the guy gets put in the Kill and
The first thing he does is bring in a player
of football that no longer plays in the first division
division because they kicked him out of the
teams because he had a conviction for
gender violence and wcol says that
He likes the guy and that he likes it
the guy who is really nice
It is true that she has been convicted but that
he doesn't know it
believes against those people the age of
This girl was public, the guy can't
say that I didn't know it everywhere
had the same description saying
Argentina, at 17, makes it clear.
and then showed the conversations
that he maintained with Wescol in this same
menu season that makes W manure to
her so that she doesn't know for a moment
Basically it's when you're going to finish
a Stream you make everyone who
is watching on that Stream go
He even has conversations with her
Ofelia a kiss a kiss Ofelia has
given away 10 pieces of limbs Eh
I want that applause from the chat
when we finish the live stream I'll update
the members are not updated
alone we automatically do it
We now update by hand when
Let's finish to see if we have reached the
Okay, you've seen the whole video.
you of the
Dallas have you seen the video of the
Dallas
whole but it is not about that anymore
rude because rude even Look
I can be rude on many occasions
that my tongue is slipping and that I speak with
an ugly vocabulary, that of Wescol is another
dude, the thing about Wescol is a
mentality in the self
I discovered to see if it is true that it is
I saw him and that was not the way he was but
I Lo
I discovered
really in the debate with
Dallas in the debate with Dallas there you say
You did see it, everything is fine, I have a question
guys not to put the whole video and
that you go see it at the Canal del
[Music]
Dallas knows when he's got it in the bag
direct also knows that he is 17
years because she is 17 and I put her in
all his voices and so on
[Music]
not Today because it's Friday You are
behaving very well eh Thanks guys
Thank you very much Maria, a kiss, beautiful.
Thank you very much for those five
subs
Tiago teasing me
50 members thanks tiago thanks
handsome surely
you know I mean it's not like I upload it and
meet for the first time on the Stream and
The best thing there you say Well, you don't know
age but has already chatted with her
no I mean he knows it's Friday the body
He also knows that it is Friday, the body
little body knows it p pum
take it, my goodness, how disgusting, man, what a thing
You're disgusting, well, how disgusting I'll make a video
eh I'll make one of those good videos
another day he told me
Oh well, I'm not going to say it just in case.
Let's go for something silly But oh well just in case
perhaps assumptions
Javi assumptions but of course you don't know
you don't know it, don't you?
You already know how
goes while the members sound like
There are 50 members so that there is no shortage
extract full of sounds of
member I'm going
Today we reached 2000 members. Hopefully
I wish
leonia do you remember the boy who
He put limbs on my face that made me
assembly with
He said that this does not violate honor
of no one Of course we go my mother if I
They reported me for saying O
be your [ __ ] is too old for
gipe if it occurs to me to do the
montages that I made this
Man, ha. Why do people follow him?
Well, because they are people who think like
him and that they have that and that they see it well
that
You know
There are 100 members, but I don't understand what's happening.
the 100 members What did I mean to see
we carry we carry we carry
we take Let's see Look
real without updating it today
there is
1874 members which sets the bar higher or
less is worth
and we would have to add to that
today That of
moment
What of
Javi moment, say your name backwards, no no
I trust that at the moment there are 80 new members
in this
straight that the boy
This is the boy, this you, that they sent me
yesterday a
straight
I'm going to mute this
Uncle, I'm going to mute this for a moment.
while there are 50 members
because if not we will not
Let's find out for a moment please
mute while it is playing because otherwise
We are not going to find out
nothing, let me know when
finish if not that no if not that no me
I understand what I'm talking about
79 members I get that we have today in
this direct
queca Shut up a little, my friend
Yesterday they sent me a guy who was live
made this
Man, I don't know if he's left it
uploaded
[Music]
we calculated we calculated that it was going to be
delete why they downloaded it
They certified because he said some things
that I have put the
prawn
but I personally do not care about the topic
I have no legal value in my lawsuit or anything legal.
for legal issues I would have to review the
channel and do some things worth it
[Music]
and I'm missing 100,000 on Twitter
Well, I think it's 150 or something like that, okay?
150 followers or something like that check it out
check it check it that you are me
Following on Twitter, I guess I saved myself
I personally want to see clearly what it is
what's happening
eh The Movida is
That's good, there isn't much more to it
talk about this simply because talk about it
sued him and Turbo plan he Already for
The lawsuit is finally over. Finally it is over.
He admits that he didn't say that it was a
lie that it had not reached him that it was
lie that the postman would not have it but
Well finally it seems that they will have
said pick it up because I don't know what it is
What can really happen if you don't
you pick up the
demand I don't know I don't know how I found out
I had one of those that I
They put me because of course it is not known
that no one knows about me, not even in what city
I live worth it Even if you think so, I don't know
knows
and I have always appeared Look if
They have sued me, I take charge and I'm out
You know
and but of course I don't know what it is
What would really happen if you didn't open up to
postman and and are not able to
give it to you I don't know if he declares it to you in
Rebellion and the trial is held, they condemn you
I don't know the truth, I have no [ __ ] idea, eh
about that eh
eh But it seems that someone has
recommended that you go to the Claro Mira collection
I was watching the live show yesterday and it was clear.
I understand your situation is the first
time
nervousness to me when it happened to me
first Javier canine son of a [ __ ] has me
stolen the name have already finished the 50
members Let's see what is not uploaded
I think it is uploaded But well if not
It has to be public because
I deleted videos that
They had a restriction on eh. Let's see if
I delete videos because of copy or because
age restriction I always delete
videos
eh yes, an age restriction jumps on me
I automatically delete it
because I don't remember a time talking if
It was with him, look at you with Doki in his
day or with such that we discover that the
channel as if they punished you if
you had an age restriction because
Of course, the Good one is a potato roll that doesn't
I'm going to tell you whenever I have
restriction of copyright D such as the
I'll delete the video if it's not too old.
I re-upload it, okay, but if it's not relevant
Well maybe not, it's not over yet.
Of the 50 members, well, I'll tell you.
It is equally valid that I understand
that I understand the nerve that I
I understand
[Music]
the one that is broken And such But it is
What we are going to see is that I am looking forward to
get into trouble and this guy still
It's just that he doesn't understand yet
and well, he doesn't understand. No, not yet, no, I don't know.
has stopped to think or is not aware of
the things he has said and done
of
Others I am that for example he does not stop
to repeat because Javi Because Javi me
He said because Javi Javi hasn't told you
nothing and if I have spoken here about something
news in which a little thing like this appears
This lawsuit thing is nothing, that is me
I can talk just like he can talk
The problem with me is what things I have said
Me and what things have you said and you with me
you fixed it he's 40
years old is 40 years old but he
With me I don't remember if it was a while ago
year and a half I don't remember when it was
that Alne gave me and we stayed in
each one on his own and such that I know that
He was going to criticize me and that he was going to use my
content because in the end he has that
audience and he has to make content
mine and of
and I assume it, I assume who I am and I don't
I put this on and no one can catch it
my content that I'm never going to
censor anyone who talks about me
God with what I dedicate myself but man
I have told this guy many times
sometimes you do things that are not and you say
things that are not So now it has fallen
The thing about Delox is true.
I don't know if the demand for Delox is for
to
think what I do know is that it is not the
unique procedure and this is not a
bluff This is not news to you
not to make fun of it or anything because
another thing that he clearly fears that he
I had no, don't tell Javi please
We're going to take it private because it's
He thinks that we are going to make fun of him and
It's like they sue you, it's not
reason for
It's not a joke that they sue you
a source of ridicule and also he during the
live from last night
I kept repeating over and over again that they are going to
ridicule I don't know what they're going to do to me
You think that and I told you the other time
when I was here I was here delox
You think that because that's what you
You do Ivan, I'm not going to say yet
nothing until everything is done but it is not the
First, well, the first one. Yes, it is not.
the only one Sorry but it's obvious
but it is obvious if it is that
the end of the delos is the one who has the least
made and has told him if it is that to the delos
is the one who has least
saying
Ok, but well, we are talking about this
Specifically, it is worth what he says that
eh No, we are not going to ridicule him and for
that is the fear that I would know and
I wanted to take it privately, that is
Let's see, you have a video where you say
that you're going to be laughing at every demand
that they put me in charge of every sentence that
They put me on me. Look, boy, I said it.
many times already and you laughed and now
you say the same thing that I have said
what you had to say about whom
you have to say it and if you have to
assume any consequences you assume it
Well, I tell you the same thing if someone were to me.
He thinks he has to sue me
sue me and if justice considers
that he has to condemn me and I have to
pay something because it will be paid and that's it or
everything has a story everything has
a reason for everything has a time
It comes for something, it doesn't mean anything.
that is good nor that is bad
simply because things come as they are
They come and and and there are episodes in life in
the ones where you fight with people and
Suddenly, well, maybe it has such a
difference that I see is that in the
My cases are different from yours
Because of course in my cases this
last trial for example that I had
I still don't have the sentence, you see.
It is also proven in the trial
They are people who have done many things to me
things that we will see later if I have
said something that maybe I have gone too far or
No, we'll see that, that has to be done.
evaluate here and then when you resort to it
because I'm sure that if I don't
I appeal, that is, if I lose, I will do it.
appeal And if he loses they will
resort to inqueto because apart from me
I have one thing that is very, very sure
very sure about Twitter and I have it so
sure so sure that I'm going to take it
until the end but until the end
because I can assure you okay But oh well
That is another topic that the day it comes out
sentence I will explain and tell you and I will
I will teach Look Pin Pin Pin this happened and
The other thing happened, okay, they will tell others
things But well they are the ones who
Marlo is called something, it is not, it is not Marlo
but well that's another story okay
but the thing is that for me One thing is
that they do something to you
strong is worth one thing is that to me
They did very strong things by putting me in
woman trying to hurt my wife
my wife being 7 months with you
delos has not done anything to you but neither has he
delos has done nothing to you nor have I done anything to you
nothing since we have since we have
we both agreed to go our separate ways
I haven't done anything to you, I don't know what you're doing.
You appear here in a video. Of course, you are a
youtuber But I didn't do anything to you
Uncle me since we said that wings are
as a witness and the conversations that
we have for discord are witness and
the conversations she has in her
WhatsApp has been a witness since
We each said on our own here that
we are getting very hot each one
on your side but you haven't stopped
you have followed and you have the intention
that they close my channel that I lose
every Euro in my bank account and from and
of sinking my life, or rather, I have it a
a lot of things you've said
During this year and a half, two years that I
I haven't done anything to you but it's just that
Dasas hasn't done anything to you. It's that Dasas
He hasn't mentioned you even once
then of course you want to compare
your demands with my demands of course No to
you you when they put them on me you you
you laughed and you made videos saying I'm going to
be here to laugh at every demand
I hope they put you on, they close your channel
with the sentences
and
What else? Ah, but I have it all there in
a folder that when the time comes
We'll see, but boy, how are you doing?
to compare that something is done to you or to your
family do something to you and you respond and
then the judge says, "Well then, here you are."
you have passed pay
Well, what you do is that
Ti Dasas has not made a single video for you
a tweet has never made in the
life has not even made a tweet in life You
You don't remember the things you have done
said of Dallas
You don't remember and you think I don't
I don't know, it's just like you thought you were from the del
Those of you who had not insulted him believe it
No, but you have insulted her.
you have charged him with a lot of things
of
crimes is that it is not conscious okay
Roman, a kiss, what did you do to me?
said I'll be here to give you the
last crash for you to leave
internet That said it was going to give me the
last crash for me to leave
Internet Well, nothing Very well Send me
where did he say it please send me where it is
they are things
What a kiss Marcos, very handsome. And he is
that I have the proof that I
I agreed with him that each one should go their own way
There is no longer a desire to defend yourself, there is no
a desire to respond is not a hotheadedness
It's not. Well, look, this guy made me a
video and I answered no you follow 2s
Years later with Javi Oliveira
insulting but it's because you're from Dallas
I don't know how many years and Dallas already and you
He hasn't tweeted you or tweeted you
Dallas has a problem with people who like you
is handling you from
tter and for you to win what 200000
visit me He asked me what he will do now that
all the complaints fall on him and he asks
help those we already know and don't know
den XD what they will do will be a folder
and on to the next puppet, now, but it is
that he is not to blame for what happened either
do he he is a person it's his fault
has 40 tacos
Hey, he's 40 years old.
Hey, Nacho says, he has too much compassion.
no no no no it's compassion it's that I haven't
I've had time but I'll give it to you now.
announcing that this is not the first lawsuit
What does this guy have that there is another one already?
that goes in
way but I'll tell you what
What are we going to do? I think it's logical, right?
but I think it is logical
It's not worth it. And of course he thinks it is.
We want to ridicule, let's not see.
I do my job here, which is to give news
and if I find out about some news, boom!
loose just like he said that all the
Mia will do it very well, perfect you
on me you can do everything you want
you want, I don't think you need to
You do it because other people do it too
He takes charge, but of course he thinks he is.
that they sue you
ridicule, see ridicule, that's not it
what you think because that's what
as you see it and as you have
had and then I for example the the
Nauter's trial with Win Michu for me
There, the one who made a fool of himself wasn't the one who didn't do it.
nauter and nauter was the defendant but
For me, the one who made a fool of himself was not
It wasn't Nauter, I was on his side.
nauter or rather or rather I think that the point
the demands this with the content that
we handle ourselves, I have said it many times
Sometimes we are here talking about people
Well, there are going to be people who are going to
sue because he will feel offended
because you have conflict, don't know it
many people do not do it all the time
world but it does it and I repeat to you
laser that you talk about the demands
Only that you are interested and that and that
you apart is that it is a test that you
Say what you have to say because there is
various legal proceedings in the
that you have tweeted before the
protagonists of these procedures
That is to say, he has found out things
judicial of these people before
I mean this means that the
information is first hand but
is that they don't tell you all the
procedures is that they are not you
saying everyone is that there are others
procedures that do not go well and you do not
it
They say it and you look bad afterwards but oh well
This is a demand, okay, that's what it is.
I tell you, that is, he thinks that what's up? And here
I have taken a series of Clip for us
It will serve you very well in the future, okay?
that yesterday when I saw them it was like, come on
my goodness, what is this?
example the lawyer insulted me and you
Your good friend calls you cloudy and he calls me
chum well chum I guess not I guess
It's normal, I didn't know, it's normal. Who doesn't?
I wanted a lawyer like that but you have
applauded David Bravo that David
Bravo starts fighting with Dallas
on Twitter Okay but not to fight with
Dallas is that he starts to say a lot
little things that if the one with the cap for
He looks back and then goes to the press.
David Bravo goes to the press to stop
Let them applaud David's thread itself
Bravo explaining the final judgment
from D review or David Bravo when
They ask him about the case of something and he tells you
Ah no no no no I haven't handled that case.
I that case is not mine but of the case that
Dallas wins in the one he leaves
David Bravo acquitted is not only
a thread explaining the sentence of a
case that has nothing to do with
he but also goes to the press to
public trust you
public my mother public pune if not me
I'm mistaken, the one with the knife works if I don't
mistaken
is worth a lot of headlines in the press
from the David Bravo thread that is like
why don't you explain your client's
your customers don't Why there are no threads and what
explains
Okay, people are waving at him
David bravo for this ingenious
comment to Dallas So let's see here
It enters the head that a means of
communication does not take some away from you
judicial proceedings that are more
powerful and people take you out
waving to David bravo for this
witty comment to the review is worth it
And what the [ __ ] is it that he has written?
appeared in the press Dallas that your book be
bestseller is not a data that serves to
analyze your level as a writer but the
of this country as a reader in fact I believe
that this is not even original I think this
Someone told Beln Esteban before
But look at you, a former Podemos deputy
The juf p is worth a former Podemos deputy
He triumphs on Twitter with his responses to
a male youtuber please let's see let's see
man, let's see, but what am I telling you?
whatever it is that I tell you in the end
The lawyer can do whatever he wants.
no, that's not it. So Pablo Franco is
is putting in
with you, well, I don't know, so sue him if
You see yourself capable, sue him and Y
That You fight with him but here you
problem in this lawsuit what is delox lo
that the lawyer is telling you the
Spain, you with the lawyer
For example, now one of the points is valid
main things they want to do against me
criticism good to criticize me is that
I'm being sued, so that means that I
You can all sue because I'm very bad.
such such such Even if they file 15 lawsuits against me
it doesn't matter
Of course, man without fear of success, what's up?
Midn, catch me awake if you want me
I add 5 or 10 minutes to the live show, man.
your house Of course you go up term
this and you go up okay But you don't go to
talk about this later, but I'm done
this and you go up for a minute that only
I want to put a video This is what it is
What they do is being sued.
Well, and why are you suing me?
When they sued me, they didn't sue me.
sued for some insults to me
sued looking for I don't know how many
direct as his lawyer said not a
weight in the ocean this the other the
another Good and now we will see if the
expressions because they are serious or they are not
serious or you pay or you don't pay well Okay
But that is not the debate, that is not the
debate neither you nor you lied Here neither you
You lied there, neither the dog nor the non-dog
neither conversations nor no no no no no
no no no no no no
you do this you do this
you in your case Yes yes it is the demand
among other things for imputing aelo
criminal acts in your case if
lose clearly there yes I would win But there
other cases that you use
the demands that you have applauded that are
do not use the demands for
say this is bad eh be careful it is
defendant has I don't know how many
demands and there is another click that does not
I have it in the folders but I don't
I took there is another clip in which he
says And well, the fact that you
sue is as if they have won
Well of course exactly what they have done
these people in the media
and you have
applauded But well apart from that no it's not that
They're already starting to say how I'm being sued.
Well, I'm bad. Everyone could sue me.
Well, let's see, laser, we can sue you.
a few and we are going to do it and we are going to do it
to do it, but in this case of that
They have done it to me. For example, I
I agree that Luis Endera sent me a
private message the day it was announced
Antonia's lawsuit against me
Luis Endera writes privately and tells me
says Haha How are you like saying Haha
Now what do I eat you, or rather, and the gorgon, huh?
celebrating the lawsuit as if it were
yours and it's like let's see the first thing we're going to
see what's going on and the second thing
Well, Luis Henda wrote to me and
He says And you know that you're going to get one
that my lawyer has sent you a lawsuit
extrajudicial there I will teach the comaci
When the day comes I will show it because
That's Perita, no, I'm going to get one.
and I said to him, what the hell is a lawsuit?
extrajudicial I think What is one I think
that the demands are judicial, not
extrajudicial but this is now he is
feeling and is criticizing Precisely
what they have done to us and what
he has supported he has celebrated look look
What it says here about me, I'm going to give it to you.
like no this has to be shared
Of course, of course, he puts this to the
end of the live show when Jewel Water arrived
and eye a remix with this would be very good
eh with my sentence eh a remix of
This could be Epicardo
eh aut Game over by Javi oliveira
reading his own sentence wow
G is that eh visits will see can you imagine
If he wins against Miare from here very little
We will know very little about that from here.
we will know that
Adriana I don't want to say
nothing but I say it but from here very little
We will know what will happen with the case of
of those who have the demands they had
sets that Javi had on No, him, yeah
of de miare and his mother of course
Ah And we will also see it clearly we will see it
as many times as it takes hundreds or
thousands of times if necessary
Ah, for me this is a prize, it's a
this is a prize for me
It is the enjoyment not the enjoyment of the
YouTube career The truth is how you have
In the past, they've thrown a lot of [ __ ] at you
I've received a lot of [ __ ] because of him
I have not eaten for this menu, I have eaten
I've eaten a lot of [ __ ]
so much hate for years mm
Eh, they have not said that they have defamed me.
but over there but over there
Come on, well, he started ordering his people around.
followers to comment on it
video of the sentence that is like sab and
Now the guy has the nerve to say no
I've eaten a lot of hate, man, your channel is
Hate Vale
So, well, you're not happy at all.
the demands that I have good and
we will see not all the demands that I
Have Vale and yours privately yours
We are going to take it privately and that is
This boy is still not aware of
the trouble this kid is in
is not yet aware of the mess that
is involved and why don't you
I can tell many things but well
eh I say it so clearly eh I mean it's not
the
first but trust you eh or so now you
You see it, I'll send it to you now.
You see criticizing Claro Mira precisely
You're going to see now Because there is also a
girl also there is a girl who is wearing
7 months well s three or four months doing
videos about me that I'm being sued for
that I am being sued that I am very
bad because I'm sued and suddenly
That girl was yesterday in you see there in the
directly in the chat applauding the laser and
It's like
Ah Suddenly You'll see
as
as in the next ones
weeks will be changing their minds and
suddenly the demands will no longer be
The people are already so bad that they are being sued
It's not going to be so bad for that anymore, okay?
I'm going with Delox, I'll be back.
immediately
don't tell Javi
[Laughs]
Please then, son.
mine when you know what they have put you through
see you you you you well upload my delos or
that
You give me time to go to the bathroom while
upload the delo don't go away eh give it like
to the direct one you do not
I want you to go
body
Oh, I've stained myself.
[Laughs]
laughing Wait she can't hear me
People, one second, I'm going to be quiet.
notifications Thanks Dori a kiss a
second Ah wait, you're watching
I have to put the camera here myself.
looking for
here and how I shared it here
the other day I put it here
not a second eh a little second Of
nothing, just a second, you're welcome and you'll be fine
keep listening live if you want
Listen live, you can hear me, okay?
Yes yes and now I adjust this to the
screen I adjust this
screen [ __ ] is that it is always that
You always catch me off guard. What's up?
No no no, it has made me very happy.
because I'm laughing at the comments
I literally prepare the camera and
I connect and they throw me the rod in the
chat then suddenly another one comes to me and I
put what the hell happened in your last
interview were going to talk about epstein and
finish talking about light dragons
energy and carrots and I haven't told you
I saw that my drink spilled out of my mouth.
mouth you stained the pants let's see me not
I have seen the program you have made
on this topic and I'm covering it
in the main
But I tell you what they told me that
the guests were a little
Flat Earthers, I said to myself, man, let's see.
who are flat-earthers are
flat-earthers and that have to do with
and what do they have to do with the no because
See, Enrique, exposing the truth.
He's a guy I really, really like, huh?
Yes, it is true that it has some
thoughts that I obviously do not share
But I am a person who tries
to give everyone a space and
then the other person who is Carles Tora
He is a person that I believe is already
within the group of conspiracy theorists
the one who goes to the extreme extreme extreme
then of course obviously to me
It seemed very entertaining to address the topic
from Epstein since a little bit because the the
conspiracy not in plan see a little see
what came out of there, that is, obviously the la
people who are people who are
suppose that he receives calls from a
red telephone that gives you information
confidential people who know things that
new that may be that half of the
They make things up. I don't know.
I imagine why they say surreal things
but I am fascinated, that is to say, I see it
as if it were you know the typical program
that is half fiction and half fact
real and what do you say m How strange but it has
that point that point is mine today is
pure conspiracy or whatever But oh well
clear about the death of there are many
conspiracies and [ __ ] if you put it And
You say why do people think that?
believe you that you don't believe it is very crazy or
be some let's see there are many things that
They say there are many things that they say that
make sense there are others that clearly
Personally, I don't believe what's going on.
that I try to give them a safe space
so that they can speak just as if
Someone comes tomorrow and lies to me in the
face I just don't know, I mean if they
I ask them to be honest if they
They believe in what they say, I'm not going to
put them in a mess nor am I going to tell them or
Obviously there are points I say
man this has no kind of
sense and I give them an argument and I see
how they react but I don't ask for photos
I don't ask you for evidence, I don't ask you to
because at the end of the day it is not a debate
You know that I also see that in the
comments I really enjoy it
very well in fact it is the second time that
Enrique comes to the podcast and he already
He even said comments he made to me
very funny because there are times when
that they completely go away, that is
like they've smoked four joints and
I told them and I told them this already
I'm looking at the comments on this one
joint doesn't rise 2 minutes later two
points is handsome to see or what is it
handsome
For a podcast I tell you that it is a
hour and 40 minutes that you plug it in and
don't stop that, don't let anyone enter there
thinking that you're going to see what happened with
Epstein 100% because he is not, he is not two
There are not two doctors who are experts on Epstein.
people with their ideas that sometimes Well
They ramble a bit and say that Javi No Te
listen or something like that I'm going to try anyway
to the microphones It's that here I always have
problems with the audio on this one but
I don't know why, really. But oh well.
I think I can hear you more or less perfectly.
always always always when you arrive no
but it is always with this program that
Well, man, I'll see it tomorrow, because tomorrow I have
the day off and I'm super busy with
that topic and I was going to tell you on Monday I have
I had a chat with a colleague called
fake fake news fake news dude who
I pronounce like an ass. Forgive me like
fake news but messy I understand no
no no no no it's because it's clear that
It seems like I'm saying that but it's not
fake
fe news news Ah
And I swear you pronounce every single thing that smells
step on that uncle but
not with this topic, Jeffre, of course, everyone
the names la la la the bride No la
relative jle Maxwell and of course I am
talking so much pi pi and I can't talk
I ran because I have to stop
pronounce it well but well for me
It's very funny, I think people
He likes it I would prefer it to be called
Antonio Rodrguez The colleague but good to
Let's see what they're saying around here, let's see about the ox.
No hate. That podcast was too much pot.
It is what it is meant to be That is to say again
I don't take it badly, much less do I know
What I'm getting at then is that I like it.
offering varied content is indeed
It is true that I already told you that by 2024
now because I had some other
podcast closed and I have word and the
I'm going to finish recording because I
I would like guests who suit me well
but for what is being second
third and fourth quarter 2024 I will
focus mainly on youtubers and
especially if it can be on YouTubers
that they have something to say at a local level
also a bit controversial, here I go
I'm going to give you content But why do I give it to you?
I'm having a great time, I see that it works
more and I have also realized that
There are so many podcasts that if I try
addressing too many niches eh I'm going to
eat a dick then I have to
focus on what I'm really good at
Well I think the one I'm best at is
precisely that of playing salsa from the
respect and I think that is one that is
can do cool and I also have names
very fat ones who want to come and see what
I was going to tell you that Prim was going to tell you
I say that this kid is my faith
On Monday a chat with him who still
I have doubts whether to do it live or
make it recorded and edited not for the channel
main but that you may
you have now where you have the set and that
maybe you are interested in becoming a
good handsome program with him who is a
very interesting kid we got I don't
I know if you followed Michael's topic
Jackson when the documentary came out in
hbo and such and Jordi White screwed up for
complete you know he started to give it to him
credibility to the documentary and SEO a
direct with f and we get people
that it was Jordi's podcast that went
Two or three times already and he is a super kid
interesting that can clarify many things for you
Michael Jackson things that are out
that he has been accused all the
life let me see the problem I have
having I mean it doesn't seem like a bad idea to me
problem I have right now is that
I just saw that there is a channel that
It is the one from walc that has the
Niche of conspiracies like that
Uncle has the ideal audience, as you know
like when I upload a video of a
YouTuber who says anything and gets caught
a million views because he uploads a
conspiracy theorist and grabs a million
visits then obviously channel is
single-minded uncle, that is, I am clear about that
agreement So in my era I want
make a podcast about people who have
stories to tell no that if I am
success is a bit like that for many people
They say they smoke drunks, do I say it or not?
you know what happens that the problem is
that it is true that there is a
audiences who love Dallas want Lizi
They want Nimu, they want you to laugh.
not to be laughed at by people in the sector more than
This Flow then Well then you already know
I advance that they will surely come
people of this Flow In fact I believe
that we have close by, yes, I think that
we have it close That's the bomb if I
you should have warned the other day that you were
In Madrid I stop in Madrid when it is
that I almost caught when I was coming from Asua
I would have stopped if you had known about it.
Anyway, don't think that I
When I go down to Madrid I don't have much
If you want to come, come to Andorra.
dude, I'll treat you to whatever I give you.
here a little hotel you come to a hotel
good with good beds and with good with
good beds and a good hotel
with good c when you go company you
You look for me when I go to Barcelona.
next time I was going to go this week and
in the end no I'm not going a kiss Mauro who has
given 10 members when you go
We all meet and go up to sleep
We all met there and we met to see
it's not that close, it's not two or three
hours are not 2 and Med yes TR is ch Javi
Javi is coming Javi is coming when
finish your thing we are not there
waiting for you to finish yours. Okay.
I don't care, I'll go whenever you want.
Now look, I'll give you a spoiler because, as
Nor are those who come now made of salt
I can say look the next one is going to be
Misho that I think is one of the most
funny that we have left because the
son of a [ __ ] has a sense of humor that is
like mine worse And it's super cool
Hey, I think Misho's is going to be popular.
a lot eh And then comes the Italian ZZ
which I also think goes to the people
freak out because they are two podcasts that are the
typical that people who want to listen to
miso podcast yes the one from zasa is happening that
This sasa has already traveled many
channels what's wrong with him but I've done it
I have made a podcast for you. As
Nobody has done it. Oh, that's it.
made
Yes, both are already recorded. Ah, cool. Yes.
I did see Micho on Twitter, let's see.
It's just that I don't have much to tell, I'm going
whenever you want but that you that you
I tell you that I no longer knew anything more than
spoken you know or rather it would be a little repar
No, we'll see. No, don't worry anymore.
We'll take it out, no, I'm not worried, no
I, ...
It would also be cool to see Javi react.
To Javi Because I'm also getting it
seeing it coming because you are tremendous
terrorist that when you have to
react to things that intervene
With your person you say and it is said that
This may have been because Javi and
Dallas would have spoken to that person and
I find it very funny when Javi talks about
Javi in third person you know it's like
super funny, regrettable, there yes
There are repanas, eh, there are other repanas
and I can already see Javi saying Oh Javi ha
said in the delox podcast that Javi the
another Javi and you get into the multiverse of
the javis and it looks like the movie of
Spiderman good deo Nothing ever happens
where we go not any direct of ours
It goes unnoticed, what a mess we make in
the last one eh man Oh Vero I tell you
I wanted to clarify two things.
first
eh It has made me a little sad, I mean
I'm a little bit sick about it.
see that Rubs didn't leave entirely happy
From here I send you a greeting, I know that
obviously my ways could have been
better also has to understand that
has hurt a person who I care about
much appreciation and obviously I'm not going to
go from Oh my God nothing happens
welcome obviously I also like the
I'm making fun of show business, I think.
I may have gotten a little carried away. Eh, since
I apologize to you but I also believe
that he must chill a little in
Twitter I see that the guy has stayed
a little resentful and in the end the idea was
fix everything leave it right then
Well Rubs I send you I send you greetings and
then on the other hand that people
He was so surprised to see me that he was
disconcerting what I tell you from the outset
who was there was satu which is the
former Gref cameraman who now works with
us on the podcast and of course the guy told me
I was making faces because the guy
I was watching Dallas vituber at nimu
Vituber to you I don't know what the guy was coming from
having dinner with his parents, see that at 2
in the morning or three in the hotel and says
what the [ __ ] is going on and the guy was
like when you had the silly laugh in
class where your classmate was making faces at you
Well of course I was so serious and I
started making shitty faces and
laugh So now I'm la la la
silly laugh is that there were 6000 here
people at 4 in the morning and no
We hadn't even given any notice. If we had gotten to that point
plan not but the best are those who
They are there unexpectedly, I think that is where it is
as if there are no expectations
They always always surprise and then the
another thing that there are people who also said
Oysters, no, I didn't see Delox getting involved.
so much cane no O aast so conciliatory
Well, first of all I think people don't
You understand that people have
multifaceted meaning Dallas is not the
Damn Dallas is a totally cool guy.
chill that you talk to him and it's a
ordinary person who from time to time
when he goes crazy and then in the
videos obviously do not play a role but
bring out that more show business side
that has in person not in not in person
has the same sense of humor
Sensible but he is a Sensible guy
These fit me, I like them very much
I say it openly, I consider myself
friend of daras or at least a good one
known no and I like him very much and and he
I did the same, I did it to him, he is a love and then
on my part that people
This guy was saying, damn it, all of a sudden
I say that you have not seen me in the
crypto channel that I put on for everyone
agenda in plan suddenly one
came with an e you who are operating
This shitty currency I don't know what then
I come here very Chilean because neither
It's my channel and I come with a certain respect.
But I don't care about your channel.
This is your channel and I'm not here anymore.
I have, I don't have. Pro, you said as you said.
on the Wind podcast and this is your channel
where you speak or rather me here my channel
from poa my channel of Christ and here it is
Salseria You speak clearly Hey, escame is
like Marina esnal in telesalseo all
those who come to telesalseo not to the
frit clear your channel Yeah clear I think that
people have to understand that
We all have our moments too
and what the [ __ ] eh? It's also cool to do a little
of de Caa What happens is that when I see
that someone already receives a lot I say and calm down
I don't want the poor guy to leave me either.
fright no there is no there is no more There is no
only man to see the physical issue of cu
He tells me with the physique The kid But yes
You already apologized, but let's see.
I must admit, I must admit that
The thing about the petanque ball is because to me that
humor makes me laugh a lot, okay, to me in
The personal is very funny then
I understand that there are people who are not worth it and
That happens to me sometimes on the podcast that
I put in black humor or I put in humor like that, no
the joke comes in and I say [ __ ] and I say
Well it doesn't matter, it's the same, so I
I don't care about this because
end of the day Look, if you saw the
content that I have made throughout
the last few years that was but there came a
Uncle told me I'm operating this currency
and it was the typical coin that seems like a scam
no the following is worth it and I told him uncle me
you're going to eat the dick under the table
Of course I have said this on my channel
a thousand times and it was a meme in my community
So of course in my community that is
like Okay is delox doing things like
delox again Here people see another
profile that is a bit like the one I have
off camera because I come more from the
normal person outside of show business and
sometimes I go into show business and the
People are surprised, I say, let's see, [ __ ]
that in the end we all like a
little bit of a show but oh well what's that?
yes it is true that it is incorrect It is
simply because a generator
automatic names more than 10 years ago
invented the name I liked it and there it was
award Ah [ __ ] I say [ __ ] the one
comes here is Roger the one who comes here is
Roger sin
Fil without filters Ah no Roger it is said r
but well, since you pronounce everything wrong, right?
nothing happens, don't give it to me all your life.
Delo Delo is like Dallas but in
inclusive Look at the one I invited to
podcast what I think you haven't read my
my message as is understandable because
has a lot of gentlemen, it is Huesco's
I invited Huesco on Twitter to see him.
If you accept but I don't even know that you haven't
read eh No he hasn't read me then
see I imagine that he goes to the
eslan no to the eslan many people come
The problem is that I am
Of course. So what do I say? Say that I believe.
that they were 16 17 then they were not
people maybe if I don't talk about it
there is no way to square it in advance
then on the 17th there will be a party for sure
18 let's see who the [ __ ] is qualified to
record You know then for the eslan I go
to record with David Surez and that is the
I like this dark humor comedian.
a lot and then of course I'm trying
I'll close with a couple more out there.
some names on the table quite a bit
interesting To take advantage of the occasion
What happens is that of course they lack the desire
close etc. But well, and if not, well
They will come, I will pay for their ticket and that's it.
me as long as I know them if I have the
opportunity to meet them and I close it
Then at most it will cost me
pay the ticket you know that obviously
Well, it's a bit of a pain because it takes away
all kinds of benefits to the podcast but
It's just that sometimes it's the only way to
get those kinds of interviews and
listen to me and they haven't invited you to the
Helan, are you going there in public? No, they haven't told me.
invited have already invited people
man let's see we are here it's the 16th we are here
just a month left now just just just
We're almost right, maybe they haven't
guest I don't know but come on they have it there
already one I don't think I don't think honestly no
I think they'll invite me, but I don't give a damn.
I sneak in the egg and that's it, it's Andorra
of public [ __ ] that is or is to go a lot
people who are not I mean, who are not me
I think I think I go in there through my house and
They let me in, so I'm going to see what happens to me.
It's going to fall 5 minutes from my house, I doubt it or
is giving res so small then I
I'm going to go there and say hello and if not I won't
They let me in, so I'll leave if I don't get in.
Okay, and that's it, come on, tell me.
wanted Tell me what he wanted me Oh don't you
I wanted to ask because I tell you the
I don't follow the lawsuits issue and I have
seen before that you were talking about that
so you can bring me up to date, that is, no no
I'm going to give my opinion. I just want to know a little.
What's new? Oh no, he already picked it up.
that he picked it up already Yes, that's what I know, that's what I know
I know L picked her up and finally no
I know that it must have prompted him to do it. But
I imagine it must have been a good one
advice from someone like don't screw it up
hand in worse and has gone has gone I don't think
that he has gone, the attorney will have gone
some legal representative the lawyer the
I imagine that the attorney and and
has picked it up and has appeared at the
the court they told him and finally it was
It is true that the demand was there and the
caught man Of course yes the demands are
real what I don't understand is why
why would they doubt that they were false? I mean
No, because I think that because they have
people around him who are all the
time saying you go on You go on that
These people do not claim to speak of
bluff and it's not the only one but but I
It would look very bad, that is to say, or rather, I
I explain if I bluff like that
caliber was terrible, that is, he thinks that I
I am not a salsa channel, I am not dedicated to it
I'm going to sue you, I'm going to do this to you
No, I try to solve everything by myself.
Good, if it's not possible, then I have to go.
by the judicial but in the end it is not
I mean, I don't know, eh, I think it's again
That's what you say that maybe they
They are eating a lot of the pot.
saying no Look, this one is not going to
do nothing never do anything friend in
At some point something is going to happen to you
Yesterday they sent me a live broadcast
which is a marvel, Pablo already has the
pieces that he needs and so on
and because people told me that we have
in common you and I and there was a clear click
This man has started to criminalize
I'm talking about demand
demands in the end you know Of course that's not the case anymore
I don't know what and all the fear he has is
that he is ridiculed, let's see
Why are you going to be ridiculed? Look, I
I'll tell you one thing, of course, for my part.
For my part, now that it is known that
the demand is 100% real in case there was
I have no doubt about that person
I'm not going to talk more unless it's over.
the trial and I can say look, I have
won has happened this the p apologies and
That's it and that's it, and with turbo more than
Same Turbo when I receive it I will come here
I'll say Look, I've already received it. Finally.
has opened the door He has finally
arrived and through my carelessness not as they say a
delox carelessness that he thought about
My head thought that I had already
arrived for that reason I said it with so much
trust me
I was wrong but look at you, they are
saying that he is chasing you
the FBI And the other day I realized
that you have had few judicial issues
had because you have no idea why
Of course when you told me that the other day
so the FBI does According to Twitter they don't know
how you went to Madrid and came back
Andorra, why do you have the FBI watching me?
because it came to him, not the bofas, no, and of course
He believed that the bofas was already part of
the demand in the end no. Let's see, I'm not going to tell you
I don't understand very much.
because I delegate everything, that is, I to
to give you an idea of the videos that
They are placed there I have looked at
diagonal the transcripts I have a
team that does it for me and I don't even know about it
where they are insulting me for two
reasons the first because I don't have
time for that and the second because I
I know that if I look at it I'm going to get hot and
If I get heated I might say things that
then they play against me then I
I prefer to be myself, I know that those people
has defamed I know that those people have done
things that are wrong but I don't know
exactly what phrase is any in
particular because I remember having
I prepared the claim but I don't know them.
all of them are written there by heart
Then I tell you no, there is no more later.
My carelessness fortunately turned out well
for me because that made him
I would trust because of course obviously as
I saw that what I was saying was not
It was true because I got things wrong
as they are he made the mistake of following
clicking clicking clicking all that
has been compiled and is now going to play on
against him then Well at the end of
something bad has come out something good he is
put at the beginning He made like two or three
direct that I posted are going to report me
I'm being reported, I don't know what, so
making fun of it and such and he would say, well look
You know that I'm going to profit from everything
I'm going to profit from this, I'm going to put it here
a bar that I'm going to get money and
now he has faced Ah Per now of but
Who are you talking about Turbo or the other Ese?
It's the ler len not the ler I already know it myself
referred to Turbo scammer I mean yesterday before
yesterday saw a video if I don't know if yes
You will know it, but yesterday or the day before yesterday what?
video was Javi a video that I saw of
He imagined me that it would be the thing about the finger of
windy would be was
One last time I spoke to you and I followed you
being a scammer who has been involved in
a bunch of scams that says it's going to work for me
to report and he hasn't reported me, I don't know
What have you been doing for two days? Well, what have you done?
consult with the FBI and they coordinate there
But well I swear and it makes me
very funny what has broken me eh the
Interpol is also all there, but that
On top of that, they make me feel bad about myself,
I bring here that how am I able to
bring you here a guy who is just like
I think it was in yesterday's tweet
when I gave the exclusive that this
man is sued and has collected
the demand they put me in response when
You are going to talk about the macro complaints that
It has some of the I don't know what I said but yes
This man, I have a look, I have nothing.
I don't have a single complaint. Look at me.
I have never been reported in my life, eh. In all
My life has only once been by right
in honor of a video I made in 2000
I've already won two or three visits.
times in fact I won it three times Because
First they reported me for civil, I won.
They gave it to me as a penalty, I won it
They appealed and I won it again.
appeal again if they want because it is
there is the typical thing that stays there per se
cattle cattle cattle cattle always or
sea no no there has been a lot of
complaints of these right to honor
in this is the only one is the only one that I have
had is the only one I've had and it was
of beating or rather it was ridiculous So no
I have made it public Not because it gives me
quite lazy you know or not Why not
I want to give visibility now that I have
many more followers than before and that's it
but it's the only one I've had and I've
won three times then and never again
I have never been reported for fraud or
for nothing similar simply because
typical that in a
clear video No but I can move
throughout the country and all countries
that I get out of the Nao perfectly
then they gave me a penalty
you know why it was extraordinary
Look here's an exclusive for you.
It was something super anecdotal and there it goes
also that you told yourself before that no
Did you know what happened if you didn't pick one up?
demand you know that I live in Andorra
Of course, they reported me for civil reasons.
before I went to Andorra for
honor rights and I don't know what obviously
It was nonsense, I had already won.
I came to Andorra, everything was perfect, everything was clean.
Ready, no, everything is perfect, what's happening?
then it happens that that person as
He knows that I am in Andorra and reports me.
for criminal matters so that I can be reported to
Spain again because it loves me
file a civil complaint again or
reopen anything already has to go to
Andorra then acts crazy as if
He doesn't know that I'm gone and there's no one around.
at home because I don't live there and purely
Quite a fluke, a relative of mine
was there the very day that
It was like the last day to take eh the
That demand and I had to lower my tutu
to look for her and then I'll give her the
trial no but it was oysters Eh they were going to me
put in order of search for captures
if not then you think that if not
you pick up The good the demand puts you in
search and arrest warrant So yes
For example, Turbo is now starting to
ring the bell for a civilian not for a
criminal because the civil had already won it
Then they have to open it for a penalty
Same thing for a civilian. It's not ridiculous. It's
I think they make you look ridiculous in civilian clothes.
Rebellion and be the judgment you are already there
I think you are and you lose and and I think that
I don't know because I'm not a lawyer or much of a lawyer.
less nor am I close but I think that
What happens is that if you don't
You take the lawsuit and they find you guilty.
It's like silence gives consent. I don't believe it.
Yes, then I strongly encourage
because I would like to win the trial
but let them defend themselves. That is to say, me
I would like to be able to say that I won.
because they have not gone but because
I'm really right. So what?
present and take the demands and
There may be someone who has
recommended not to pick it up because it sounds familiar to me
that there have been people who have done but it is
that no lawyer had
That's good, I've seen something that I believe
that there are people who have thrown it out there
He has tried things out there but oh well
Listen to me, chate. You've already recorded what what
Do this Willy Rex thing, I've entered
because what is this Willy Rex thing?
evening of
By I don't know yet you've left me
caught I say Damn I'm finding out
now no it is not a video that talks about ch
apparently a youtuber I don't know
seen something and talked to Willy
I'm going to see it I'm going to see it I'm going to see it
Here eh Let's see I'll tell you what
Willy isn't going to the party, not even crazy, I mean, now.
I'll spoil the news for you, I haven't talked about it.
with him eh but wily going to the party No
Of course not, it's not even a joke.
but I don't know, I'm going to see what it is
said IV because I do tell you one thing
I know it's a fight of the evening, I can't do it
say but I know
one for you can't say it if you don't have it
tongue because not because he told me so
mishion on the podcast and we put it in with
a beep comes in, it's clear he's the one who
They are going to give him another chance because he
injured no no no no no no it's not the one
mishion is not the actual michion. Well
I can explain that to you, but you're not going to do it.
eat there the miso is going to be talked about there
whether he fights or not and what happens but it is not the
combat that I know does not have miso as
one of the two opponents but the one of
There's a lot for a teaser or I'm not going to do it.
teaser now because we are watching What
What happens if we don't make teasers because
They work equally well and
honestly we spent more time
with the teaser than with anything else and
We want to start publishing Thursdays at
8pm or something like that then And
Also, if we make the uncle the
rock You see the good, or rather You see why
where it goes and I don't want to generate either
expectations that Misho will like it
Obviously a lot is said about the evening
What I will put are the Time stamps no
the topics that are touched upon so that people
can go to whatever I want in the in the in
I haven't done the one about the flat-earthers.
because I said dude look here this is it
to smoke the joint from start to finish
I'll put that on then, eh, what do you
I said, "Eh, Misho's would be good enough for a teaser."
Obviously it would make for a teaser and a teaser
very good what happens is that it would be playing
with the first question I ask you that
It's that it's very good. But well, that's it.
You'll see, the next one will come out soon.
Misso's week The deo would have to
leaving next Thursday So it's going to be
fall soon and And yes he tells me a fight and
I tell you, I wasn't planning on going to the evening.
of the year 4 after seeing how bad it is
I listened to the one from year three but
I'm going to go just for that fight because
I want to see the entry of one of the two
I mean, it seems to me that it could be epic.
to go to the party man no no no me
I would like to see her, that is, I will pay my
I don't think they'll invite me, okay?
How are they going to invite me? It was recorded with editing.
I record with Dallas, that's how they're going to invite me.
to the evening and that I record and that I record with
nimu that has condemned one of the
last So they are not going to invite me to the
evening, let's go Carmen must have me on her toes
They invited me very little, they invited me to
me yes but why you I think that
you were like to try you know how to buy the
public opinion you always see that the
People want to buy me. You don't value me.
as a person or as a whole
always but Ju Juan behaved very well
with me Hey but because I loved you
buy Because look Jai
I think people are afraid of me, huh?
but but it is true that I believe
that all the greats see you because of me
Many times some great people write to me
after coming here in fact
I send greetings to someone who owes us
be watching for sure name of name of
name of some people who see us for sure
Play is probably not being seen Yes
but he told me that but
but tell me someone who surprises me
someone powerful well Vegeta no but yes
Vegeta mentions some talk to you, man.
I think Vegeta this is Vegeta let's go Vegeta him
She loves gossip, she's a Maruja who has it
said openly okay confirm Eh
Chibat has already recorded a video with Lali
Dallas
review But you don't know that, no? Ah, me.
Yes I know, yes I know, yes I know because
I asked him directly, I know
I was going to ask but I say I don't know
peed his head I was going to ask him that
that precisely Hey I have spoken with
Dalas me but no no I have gone
head I don't remember that is that
moment, so I'll go between the lines and see.
I'm going to
look is to a Yes then no Ah I'm going to you
look at the answer he gave me a moment ago
No, I can't filter it, it depends on how
be a moment is that it was an answer
more complex than it seems Ah because
I went crazy and I tell you openly
When I saw that tweet I said, wow, sis.
He's going to release a video with Lali, I'll release one myself.
with
r then I said I'll see you know what
you have to invite instead of instead of in
instead of going to the podcast instead of making me a
podcast you have to invite me to the
gatherings when you do the gatherings
This is something I want to start doing
do at some point I have to see
how because for now there I am your
collaborator because it is most likely that
says but here it is here who is
upload Dallas dasas is in the chat but
It will be false. Look at Dasas, what a liar XD
Hey Dallas, you have given me an answer, right?
I said what answer eh No me no me
you make the 13 14 pistachio head for real
yes it was the real dasas it is in the
chat is in chat dasas like wait
dasas Like if you have recorded with Lali
Dislike if you haven't recorded with Lali
Okay, I don't remember what it was like.
the answer anyway
and the answer is neither yes nor no. There you go
I'm going to [ __ ] around a bit since he comes and does it
Say if you want to say it, I understand.
I understand that if Ricky has arrived at
say that Well of course but it's that Ricky
You can't trust him because Ricky too
He said that he has done so, that he has done so.
placed a restraining order on him and
you that what do you think they buy it?
Mercadona damn it. I mean, you see that, huh?
He is not entirely wrong, he is wrong.
explained he went to the police Ricky and he
He told a little about what was happening to him and
They said if tomorrow you want to report
Dallas you can't get close to him because
You can't report that someone is being treated like that.
threatening you with whatever if you then
you are recording a podcast with him or you are
meeting him in person or are you
confronting him you know he says no
I remember saying nothing. What the hell?
he invented it he invented it
Ricky will soon release a video
about that or so no and I all
I am excited and I got a prize today
newscast but let's see let's see It's that I
gave me one the Dallas may be that I
you have deleted the message from discord
bastard to
What I said seemed right to me.
Today was more fitting for me than Lali. Ah look.
here it is already
found to see but apart from that the
I didn't see Dallas recording in person.
okay look here here I can here I can
read the message noos the guy can read
What you answered me I can answer
What did you tell me on Discord? I'll send it to you.
I'll give you a private answer.
easy summary without omitting things I'll tell you
I'll send it privately if he's telling you
He who does not say no is a liar
whatever guy is telling you
Dallas no yes no He told me he told me
He said he wasn't going to take it out
video no no no no no no you haven't deleted
I was nothing, I didn't find it, I stopped
the search engine and I have found it for you
sent by private This is what I
You answered if you want to go up
Hey, if you want to go up, be here until 4.
in the morning again debating and dala
If you want to upload I'll send you the
link camelo on discord first says upload
Yes, I sent it to you privately.
from discord Hey, well, I can quote it to you.
also
eh Well yes yes he is denying it
It's just that what I don't know is that Ricky
then he hears a bell and takes out his
conclusion and period No to Eh well no yes
He shot a three-pointer That's the summary Ah
phew okay now Dallas is reading it
see what he says but listen to me, that is the guy
he hits a triple to
what I believe Ah
better OK It seems fine to me Ok then The
The answer is no, it has not been recorded.
video That's the answer I can give
According to my source, Dallas allows me
Now I don't know if it sounded like that.
Dallas in some video tells you about himself
Do you want to come, come, talk, I don't know what?
We are not going to put it any other way.
see I'm going to answer it in a way
an easy way has not recorded anything no
He said he was not going to record it.
that has not been done
recorded So he didn't tell me and if
not that he says it on the chat. I don't
has never said no I plan to record
With her, what she told me was no.
I have recorded nothing and that is a reality of
the way he's saying it in the chat
It smells to me like there is no plan, I don't know.
Possibly not the question is what
I would win by recording with her not too
It should be a question at the end.
I think in this case in history
This Lali is the one who did it wrong, that is.
Ricki has made his mistakes but
mainly the one who has done wrong is
Lali is also the reason why
They ask me why you haven't done it
brought to the, that is, the two of me in the first
part of I believe and I believe let's see I believe that
Lali has done much worse than Ricky
much worse, man, of course, let's see what
man pretending is pretending that you have
made a V made a has surpassed
all the liars we had
commented until then has surpassed
to all of them, eh, it has surpassed, I don't know if
even hunger what I tell you but but
but Ricky the sailor Ricky I mean
Ricky took it first, that's one thing that
I had to comment today that Ricky
He takes it and says he didn't involve me, he used my
speaker and it's like no ...
speaker you passed her you passed her
she completely eh When you
you found out about the mess you made her put a
thread
then you were going to break up with her but when
you saw that everything, that is, Ricky's thing was a
Ricky made a teaser for it
sea made a teaser to make a
Ardala series and then the series was recorded
twice because one recorded it with her and
As they criticized him, he recorded it later alone
again to I understand Look, I, I, it's that
I have appreciation for Ricky
So for my part I see it perhaps
in a different way because also
When that happened, he stayed with me and
explained what then or when he already
He made that video, honestly, I already knew that.
I knew long before and it didn't change
version the version that counts in that
video is the same one he told to his circle
close Then what I can do for you
to say is that there were videos in which
He told one thing, knowing another because
I was afraid of that person because that
person was threatening him that he would
he was going to take his life if he if he if he
said according to what things Then I
I understand that it is a very situation
delicate I told him it is a
very delicate situation also
I recommended that he not lie that it was
honest and if the other wants to do it
that it is your responsibility but not the
yours let's see let's see let's see wait O
so Ricky catches his girlfriend, huh?
phone picks up conversations where
wants to keep [ __ ] the guy who
She [ __ ] while she was with him and that she loves him
go back to partying with him and that he is
trying to hide with him
while he acts in front of Ricky as if
out normal and he takes her to
Andorra records a teaser and that's not all.
later the the that part of
information no but wait you are me
saying that he takes her and takes her to Andorra
record a teaser record a series against
Dala records another series against Dala and he
calls the guy she is with a rapist
the girlfriend and abuser tells her ex
boyfriend knowing it's a lie out of fear
to have a suicidal attempt Look
Here the point is first of all the
first information you share with me or
that she wants to repeat and all that
hidden that I think reveals more
late because he didn't tell me that
I never saw it then when when
It came out in the video and all that, no no
No, that's what he said. It's not that that's what
what he is saying is the time not when
I already received the information, read them
messages and says it in the video with her
He says he says he's seeing how the
girlfriend is trying to organize another
party with the kids if you want
I do, if you want, as time has already passed
I can tell you what he said to me, yes
Of course, because of what he told me, that
day we were Agustn we were there
It's me and some other friend he told me Look
This happened, I feel bad about this, huh?
This person has surely been to me
unfaithful okay eh that's the theory he had
I didn't have the certain confirmation But
I had a strong suspicion that I'm afraid that
been like that I think he's hiding it from
this way and he's telling me that as
I'm going to say something or I'm going to do something
anything takes life then
I told him, what a [ __ ] madness, what the [ __ ]
I was shocked, that's why I came
here he tried to calm the waters
because I said guys you don't know what
It is happening because it is a very situation
delicate I think it is very very very
difficult then from there on
He began to manage badly, he himself saw
as his career was going downhill
and look that he was in his Prime The truth
which made me feel really bad because he is a guy who
I like the content that makes
Again I know there are differences and there are not.
be good with certain people and that
sometimes he puts his foot in it, let's say he puts his foot in it with
some topics but there I do think that
did very wrong and and well and Dalas uncle you
I mean seriously, the worst of all is
I know that they are getting along to kill but yes
they would have met in other places
circumstances are very well tangled because I
I know them both and they have a Flow
very similar uncle that's what he said that's what I said
before this happened and with me Ricky
he behaved really dirty, that is because
I behaved too well with him for how
He seigo Dalas goes up you are looking forward to it
Dallas is like a Maruja in the
little corner saying he's going to put it on
Avatar that his eyes are closed
saying I'll be back for 5 minutes and then I'll go
sleep and will stay for three hours eh yes
Who if you want to upload it I will upload it. Of course in
your house, damn it, don't talk nonsense about it
I totally agree with you here, that is
Let's see, I said that because I myself
I had a cordiality with Ricky but in
plan Let's see, it's not that we were friends but
he we met Well I think that
The first time we spoke was because
he attacked me he took it he spread it
those conversations that you published about me
Win michu calling me a dirty old man
calling me a bunch of things while
that he
for example he defended Chocas who with 30
years if I wanted to be with an 18 year old I don't know
things like that okay he called me old Green me
attacked a lot of things to defend
to Win Macho And after that Clear in
I entered the debate calmly and put it in
your site I don't know what and we get along well
He cordially mentioned me in his
live and in their videos for good I
he also reacted to his things
He actually sent me things for me
react too and so on and we have not
we have even been talking to each other
I've had calls, I don't remember what they were about.
topic but well calls that we have
We've been chatting here until the
so many on discord is worth per call
but suddenly he doesn't understand that I
I have to comment on the subject of my girlfriend
but apart from searching for the truth And if I
I have some information that your girlfriend is you
has cheated on colleague, open the
eyes and apart me in the first videos
What I was saying was I don't believe in myself
nothing that that was a violation there is
this clue this clue this clue
He's cheating on you, man, open your eyes and I
He said it's not his fault, it's his fault
She now has where I am already beginning to
give him Marin mea a beating is when he
is following the lead of the turkey that I
I think he does it out of ego so as not to
feel like the new internet
and when He continues with the nonsense that
Tudor is an abuser, he's like an uncle. But
If I have Tudor here, if it is that
complaint is this uncle let's see when I saw
I recognize when I saw The Talk with
Tudor, not the one you say, the ex, like
I already had information there too, I said
poor kid, I felt so sorry for him.
He seemed like a great guy to me and
people tell you the people who say
Delox is well, I think it has already been demonstrated.
that I am anything but good looking Because
Yes, yes, I come here for free and I put in four
snot to people who I think deserve it
What happens is that again I understand that
Dallas may have its differences with
Ricky If I were Dallas and Ricky was me
would have done what Ricky has done to him
Dallas and vice versa no If I were Ricky
and Dallas would have told him what he had
said Ricky I understand that they take
bad or rather I understand perfectly what
has obviously made Ricky a man
I understand that I should send shipments to you.
at a delicate moment he has it
taken as an attack again you are fig
public the eggs the other one did
seven series with the little man man
But But Javi Javi do you understand that this
It is the myth that one tells the other
He tells him that I am here again
I totally agree that one has
right to make your videos if you want and
the other one responds the same, that is, I think
that here in the end everyone has their own
right of expression of all
ways is that what I'm really going to see
I swear to you that I have nothing in
against Ricky apart from the fact that he is very
liar okay but eh Let's see but but
He told me this and that and that
So I have that against me, you're going to
sorry but the colleague does I don't know if
I had 20 or 30 videos against
Dallas on its main channel is worth in its
main channel okay I'm not in
against making 30 videos of
nobody because I make 100 of the people
Okay, but what you can't do is
that when he makes you one I'm going to
put a restraining order as if
You request that at the town hall or
something like Sorry friend that
dasas has made a video you have it
made to him
30 or jaw How do you say that?
glass jaw but iron fist
no no I am I tell you I am
I totally agree that in this case
dasas has a position obviously because
more solid than the one he may have
he has done it wrong but again It is that
I know him in person and I think that
many people if they knew each other behind
screens would change the opinion of others
people that he has acted badly with
It implies that he is a bad person, I don't think so.
that Ricky is a bad person that's where
I want to get to know what he did wrong and
that and that he has reasons to put it
in his place he will know or be Totally of
agreement if he considers that there are reasons
I think Daras is a very sane guy.
He is a guy that I respect a lot.
because it really shows judgment
So if he wants to throw a video that
I threw one, two, three or five, that is, I didn't
I'm going to tell him not to do anything about it.
[ __ ] job you know too but but me
It's funny because obviously you're me
I think he's biting his tongue there.
and there's the guy who
no longer me
I see dasas dasas, you bastard who is doing it for me
listening then don't make me here a
Cheer up and tell me you condemn Ricky, don't tell me
[ __ ] you eh No Let's see it's not that it's let's see
For me, a bad person would be
some of the ones I have brought to the
gameover no and and
someone like that doesn't think of anything as bad
person but the It's that I'm sorry
Sorry to interrupt you Javi, it's just that
You have some moderators who gave them a
hug they say no insist you are Dalas no
uploads without 100 likes and they have learned from the
better eh Now asking for likes
Moderators Oh sure sure listen to me
but that noene does not have for me I have
getting along with him getting along with me
dala or rather I have nothing to do with it
I get along with one, I get along with a lot
people with whom the D does not get along
It has nothing to do with it, we are adults, okay?
But honestly, Ricky, I
I expected something else from him, so yes, it is
It's true that today was my turn
eggs the day he did that to me but
I have something that for better or for worse
I'm bad, I'm an idiot And the thing is that I don't have
resentment in the end we ended well it was
content comes out okay but there it is
the way to carry it I said is not
normal in a person who goes in the
videos condemning the feminist
criticizing I don't know who watching the
Roma Gallardo videos No, it's not normal.
Now let Win Michu follow suit.
But I say, well, it will be because of the friendships
that has and and I and I thought that
same and Dallas can tell you the same
Same as you told me, I have told him
I have told him many times, I am sure that if
you would have met in another context
because you have many things, I have told you that
I told him but seeing what he has
This guy did it here, what gives me the
impression that a paper makes is attempted
give a badete role to Roma Gallardo
in their live shows but then they are not or
then the relative catches her
cheating on him and what he does is
First what he did was, "Eh, he doesn't want it."
put because it is a thing of his life
private But he wants it somehow
the bride pays for it is how you have to
pay for what you have done to me and make her
put a thread then when you put the thread
They shoot the relative and they want him
lead to rape by drugs not
I know that I don't know how much but of course that is the
the subject of rape he himself does not
a guy who follows the content believes it
that he follows and talks about things
He speaks and his wife comes to him
after having taken the messages that
He grabbed him and told him that that was it.
a rape and says you are me
raping my mind okay you are you
catching What happens to me is that he
the rape thing continues
so as not to feel like a cuckold so as not to
feel humiliated here from all the
history of all the history that you have
told did not know that was not known a
data eh I'm not going to give it I'm not going to give it
because I don't want to make a mess of things any more
what is already there but there is a fact
fundamental part of the story that it is not like that
Or at least it is not the official version that
We were told then There may be a
Ricky's little lies in that story
Ricky in the video he makes with her
Ricky claims he caught her in the
phone but yes, apart from that it is from
It's from ABC, let's see if he gets it in the
phone no longer conversations with the
notes in which you want to stay with them
and have another party with the guy who has you
violated okay but there are messages
deleted with friends where they talk about
deceive him
Ricky
Well I don't know if they're talking about cheating on Rick in
those who p But anyway of
Turn up the mic now I have it low
eh Let's see Dallas, [ __ ], eh, over there
You go full throttle, the first thing I'll buy is
I buy what Dallas says there is a Son son
fex no what he says that I see him with
better eyes because I like him
Of course, when you like someone you see it.
with better eyes or you are more permissive Eh
Yes, I admit it, I'm sad, it happens to me, of course.
I'm never the hypocrite, I'm going to tell you
The truth is I am biased, he is a guy who
He has never treated me badly and I think that
has not done anything sufficiently
serious enough for me to cross it if I
if I did a CCU I would obviously cross it.
I explain or not. That is to say, for me there are some
lines yes yes a friend of mine or a
an acquaintance of mine crosses a line and
and you also give it so that you don't get
Jealous Ricky is an acquaintance of mine, I like you
better we are more friends with you dasas no
Don't worry, okay. You can take that one.
you take that much, don't you
Don't worry about me having to worry about
I've met him four or five times and
What happens is that I get along well
because I treat people well, whether you like it or not.
no e and dasas I think it's going to end
uploading eh Leave 15 likes friends and the
That's another story, I think, man.
The first video is so badly told.
insane bad is worth the one that is
They sit and do the whole show What are you doing?
writing privately to daras for
convince him that he sees you. Ah, so focused.
no no no she is not my wife to my wife this to you
I was going to say that I was wondering about it today.
Today I was asking myself this question
Hey, what time are you?
you get up at 1 or 2 depending on the time
I get it at night
and you have and you have children not in
plan I say I say when you act as a father it is
that I said this poor guy, I don't know
where he makes time for family
the work is in all the [ __ ]
channels come out man to see the luck that
you have to work here at home is that
whether you like it or not, when you are not in
live That is, you record a you are here
but you're here you come in s v for the living room
Eat a snack and come down for a while.
back today we went for example to a
Huelva, where we go a lot on weekends.
week but well let's see what it is
This is not easy if you want to get out
something No no I can already imagine I imagine and
returning to the subject so that they don't tell me
what a change of subject place is that no
change of subject, damn genuine question that
It came to my mind what he says
I haven't said you have to cross it.
What I'm saying is don't try to put Al
same level as he can be angry
with me because we are not on the same level
For example, because of what has already been said, yes, you
I buy that Take I buy that Take from you yes
that it is true that in this dasas
You are right, but what is that?
Same guys, eh, Lali topic, you bastards who
You always put me in trouble
That's the bad thing about you getting me into trouble.
because at the end of the day you have to
understand that I am honest with you, uncle.
say and I wish I could tell you something else
so that you would be happier but
I don't care if on this channel you
genuinely dislike Ricky or there is a
a large percentage of people who like it
Ricky is bad because he has behaved with me
Okay, so until I do something very
serious I can't say cross it
no way maybe my words have not
been the best because I'm sorry what
It's 2 in the morning, I'm coming halfway
not asleep but of course you see it
as a conflict between the two
but it is objectively clear to me
Look you know how I genuinely see it
look have you seen the short have you seen the
short that was uploaded today to Twitter No, well
look Jai Javi Javi Javi Javi what I have
I have three or four companies, I don't know.
How many employees do I have? I don't know how many
tasks like I come here haha
Hehe but I live in Narnia like
I don't know. I mean, I haven't even seen the videos.
of the guys I've reported for
that you get an idea like I haven't
had neither the time nor the desire to see that already
I have had to delegate to another person myself
On Twitter I see what I can, I wear a helmet
about half of the things then
Obviously maybe the same thing is happening to me
that with kku with kku when we did the
debate with Dallas Nimu I knew that
Cosku had done it wrong but not that badly and
when dasas gave me all the info and
all because Dallas is an encyclopedia or
be no I I would never want to have a
problem with Dallas because he has to get you out
20 things you didn't even know you were
They exist, it is typical of a mother, no
where did I leave that? Dallas knows where.
It is then here that it is true that
maybe if he did all the work for me
compilation of everything I would say host Well
Yes, look, I'll give you that point. No, but of course.
I don't have much interest either.
And what you say, I think that perhaps
I look away but for something very
basic and it is because to me that two people
those who get along with me fight
Honestly, I can mediate between them.
Hey, I'm going to mediate on your day, I tried.
I was in fact the person who once Les
He suggested that they meet together and
that they could talk dasas Ricky accepted
It was when he told me no because of the
this restraining order and that's why no
It was carried out but my idea has always been
been conciliatory with them both but for
example you recognize that the order
of distancing is a joke No
I understand the point, there is no order like
just as I have told you a thousand times
This is what I told myself again
I am not a judge, I am not a lawyer, this is for you.
We will have to ask Paul that he
He will know more but from what Ricky told me
and I showed it to Dallas by text or
I sent him I think the photo we put
I put an audio p an audio Pablo the one of the
order eh as it is there is no I think one
order as such what there is is that he
comes over there and says hello this person
He is threatening to take my life
he's telling me this and he's telling me
the other thing and he's making these videos for me
I'm scared, they say, OK, well, don't
you answer if you answer or stay with
he or you do anything you will not be able to
Report if something happens tomorrow and that's it
there is no
There is more to it than that. And he translates that into
a restraining order
Look by that rule of three by that rule
of three lerl had an order of
distancing from the
Postman because if he answered him
the lawsuit arrived, joke, joke, joke
joke
eh Well what a sauce we have more
pending apart from Ali's, Ali's
completely denied So what is it?
that exclusive about gref that this is not
I saw it exclusively about Gref Yti
Come on, I'll tell you the story, let's see, okay?
It turns out that in the next few
days I think the exact date is the
Okay
heretics is going to release a
video parodying the
islan in which they will have categories
of
they're going to make fun of people
in the category of breakup of the
year yes but what are they going to do like the
rewind Ay L and corora leaves it with
Jonathan Noora cheats on her
Jonathan, are you going to do it right or are you going to do it right?
to do wrong Oh I can't make it because of course
In the RWI they did well, trust them
the rewi talked about breaking up and it's like
Let's see, one thing is a breakup and another thing is a breakup.
It's Ricky's thing.
[Music]
from jonata
No, we'll see it on the 23rd, but this one
people don't like gossip when they are
against them eh the Bot the Bot took it away
the message to daras But I reached him
read eh I managed to read it
Dallas remove uncle the [ __ ] Bot gets to
take away whatever he wants and you will give yes
What you say is true, so time to
time or so you know that I am a guy
just if he keeps lying to me because
because he is allegedly lying to me
Well, I'm going to end up realizing it. O
there is no time, I tell you, time
seriously but to
see
but let's see what has been left has been left already
settled and clarified Or what Ricky
calls what Ricky calls an order of
distancing is what he has gone to
police station and said that a youtuber
wants to hit and will have delivered one
capture of the conversation and the police
He said, "Well, if you want, yes."
you want you would be interested for when
you come to the judgment that you are not
answering him that is what he calls
order of
distance okay or so no no no That is
that no [ __ ] There is no order of
basically distancing
that will end will end
coming up to get into trouble What do you mean?
presumably because for me it is not
a lie to tell me that you have
placed a restraining order when
He interprets it that way. It is
simply an inaccuracy when I
I talk to my friends, I'm not one either
lie You see it as a lie that
man, let's see, it's because of that rule of
three I have placed an order on him
H distance until once to one that I
He opened the car and took the damn radio
You go to the police station to file complaints.
then another thing is that we are going to see Ju
a restraining order is that the judge
see a danger
imminent that he has to put one on
restraining order against a person and that
that person can't go around I don't know
how many meters around you can't
be around you because it is a
danger for you, that is, Ricky is not going to the
police station and put one consent eh Te te
I buy the point, that is, I buy the point from you.
point totally but I think there is a
context that is very easy to understand and
It's that when I tell him and look I have
Dallas on that corner and you and I are
In this other one you want us to see each other with
Dallas and we record something Or we talk or we
that it be and he tells me if you win I won't
are missing but I can't because if tomorrow
I want to report but I can't because they have
said that if I approach him I don't know
I don't know how many I have an order for
the order's removal Maybe it is
one way to explain it you know is not
a lie an order to explain it yes
It's not eh again but you understand that
I don't know what those things are like if you
You tell me that you have 100% like that.
Pablo said I'll buy it from you and you've
lied but again as I don't know those
topics the abandonment order is what it is and
I don't need Pablo to tell me how
If I take it and a video of mine comes out
[ __ ] this doll is worth it How how
You've climbed this so fast, poor thing.
Mickey and here I am giving it to
doll this Pin Pin Pin Pin and you me
You say Oh I was supporting Mickey Mao
and I tell you no, it is not a real doll.
those that cost 100 bucks and look
You weren't kneeling down at Micki
bastard that's all horny period There's no
way no no you can see it as a
inflatable doll but it's a Mickey Mouse
from Disneyland without further order
distance is that in the face of danger one
once the complaint is admitted
process and take it to court the judge says
There is a danger in I get the point.
but I didn't want to cut you off before it seemed to me
magical Mickey Mouse of course
see one way to interpret it is that
I'll buy you for you. Look, I'll buy you for you.
I buy the point, that is, I am fair to you
I buy the point I think you have
arguments Well yes, he must have lied to me
new no I don't think it's a lie with
evil that is where I am going with the one of
This You Know It's touching me today I'll talk to you
Here we will see is a lie no
It's a a way a way Look at a
way of interpreting things that you
You say that this is Rosa and I tell you that
It's fuchsia, that's forms of
interpret it but you say that there is
a restraining order when not
there is no way to interpret it
because Ricky knows very well that there is no
no restraining order knows of
It is unnecessary that this cannot be bought in the
Mercadona is making it up, he is
Lying on purpose is one thing.
mistake like yours the other day
with the turboplane because you don't have
knowledge but another thing is that he
having the knowledge, one invents one
thing that does not exist he is lying to
purpose because it shits from a
debate so that they can later say that in this
channel we all Lemos the eggs eh I am
the only one who receives, they put me in [ __ ]
for all
Tomorrow I have four videos on the
Dallas Channel I used to be friends with
delox Ricky I have nothing I understand
I understand your point I understand your point
all anyway I tell you for me the
point is It is that for me very easy and the
Bot doesn't ban the delos for saying this
[ __ ] son of a [ __ ] you give this to you
buy in a chupam but here talking
of chill No
man for me is that I understand that he
He told me to make it quick and threw me away
a triple maybe and it could be eh that it is
[ __ ] on himself as dasas says it could be
dasas also I tell you is that he says because
It's a shitty debate for everyone
The same thing happens, they are very brave to
make 50 videos about Dallas, me too
It happens to me eh with many eh They are very
brave to tell me insult me Pin Pin
but you challenge them to a debate and either they go up
and they leave crying or they don't go up and each
one makes an excuse it is not that you want
monetize It's not that I don't know and the excuse of
Ricky is I have placed an order of
distance [ __ ] they have put you one
restraining order before
lots of women who suffer violence
gender they will have seen your face
My poor son, I mean, no no no
There is a restraining order but it is not even
There is not even a complaint, this is what we are doing
talking about how long ago it was
do this now now Yes that's it, that complaint
would have been admitted for processing already
they would have notified there would have been
judgment no no yes yes there is no
order that we all agree on
I have never had any doubts about what
I told you that it's for debate. That is, no.
there is no order or Ju to debate the point
that I understood that this order is like
saying it is not like there is an order that
If Dallas gets close there is a penalty
I understand that is the problem, it is not the
What he says is, I can't get close to Dallas.
in x Well then I can't report it
Without further ado, I'll tell you, I'll buy your point.
but I find the comment funny
Pedro says how much I want to be delox or
Mickey for
receive No man no but don't tell me
I don't care that I don't care what
you think I'll tell you well, I mean like
I'm going to tell you that I don't like being
piata let's move on to another topic, dude, I've already
received
enough not to see has left me
kids kids send me send me
kisses to help you recover your spirits
I just got a double chin live on air
I come here for free to say hello and I
I'm going home stuffed so you don't but
I tell you this so that you do not sin
Innocent Ricky has shat himself and that's it
but fate you yes yes yes it is that on top of that it is
resentful is something that should not be
for example the other day when you
You are dedicating yourself to gossip with that ego
You can't go because just like you, you are
Giving one day you receive and you have to
take well and catch and receive that's it and
If it has touched you, it has touched you and more
when now he jokes about the subject of
Look what a cuckold I am that I put a one
very long tweet parodying the links
Now he doesn't care if they call him with
knot but when we comment on the
theme and we bring to tudor we made our
a job well done, not the way he does it
okay, he is that he has often
asked about topics and I have given him the
information and then said it like the
He got out of his [ __ ] because he was stung
but he starts saying No, it's not normal
that they remove the gossip channels from
the elam because of course you
Imagine giving an award to someone who does
Salseo is like, look, uncle, I mean, Jorge
Javier Vzquez has some [ __ ] waves what
You're telling me about the TV factory
He has I don't know how many prizes too.
You're telling me, dude, I mean, you don't even have
[ __ ] idea of what he talks about and wears
Man, I understand that you can get me
Call it a gossip channel, but I'm the gossip
I do it with respect, not everyone does.
They can say the same thing, I don't miss it.
I respect no one, it's like, Oh, I have that.
seen that yes I have seen it, bastard then it is
I didn't think I told you on Twitter
which was a tiktok related to the
daras and Lali's topic sorry and tells me
from respect and as Forgive That is
that we have seen you here 8000 times say
that little princess is a [ __ ] and that
suck and I don't know what I don't know man
Clear man
eh I understand the point for me there you are
I give it to you, I think you do a good job
work but not only you I think there is more
channels that do a good job of
again I'm going to give what I think is the
I haven't seen all of your videos yet.
Please don't send me to the stake
new for not having seen all the [ __ ]
videos if at some point you have not
made
uncle you have
ma please behave please
He was never my friend, he scammed me, he scammed me
I think they do it out of respect.
Sensal I look at the last videos that I have
seen any
The cell phone does not display the news. The cell phone and the news
Uncle Shur, I see those two very well.
I see chills quite respectfully.
Go tell you my opinion, I don't see them much.
because they get wet little Then how do they
They get little wet, I understand that they do it since
respect eh No nauter yes I think that
sometimes he stirs up quite a bit of discord, nauter no
I think he does it both from respect
Nauter, yes, I have seen him commit quite a few.
violations on more than one occasion
But I must admit that I am a nauter.
that although I think that sometimes it is
swing makes me laugh
Sometimes I go to sleep, says the [ __ ]
Mine I'm going to sleep Go to sleep you go to
sleep eh By the way dasas tomorrow I have
free like we can have a go there
a little game and we'll talk before
he's jealous of me four times, you son of a [ __ ]
crashing a video
[Music]
balls tomorrow we have a debate
versus delog in ci to success and
whether or not there was an order to
distancing eh the topic of
today well I'll buy it for you
I'll buy it, don't worry, I can't give it to you.
but I have maybe I have gossip
Well, in two days and why not?
Now, because if you talk about things beforehand
that they are
confirmed nothing more than to record it for you
I say you can write it to me and I'll tell you
Let's see if I know something you can't know
Nobody knows, only I know, you tell me.
Tell me, sometimes I know more things than
that you believe I know many things what
I'll give you a few drops of information, you'll be going
freak out Eh You're going to freak out eh Let's see it's hard
It's hard to surprise me, eh, I'll see.
no no but this is good but this is
Okay, don't say anything, you bastard.
Don't say anything, eh. I'm not just going to be seen in the
face a little smile and that's it
is at
See, I was friends with DX, but he was afraid.
to success No never That no that no that
say never never we have to have it
fear of
success
[Music]
and yes I know who it is, I know who it is, follow me
eh second part of your podcast eh has Eh
yes what Uf eh wants seriously Wants
talk host Well then let's see Me
you are playing the H a little bit because for
I'll pay for that ticket and I'll do it myself.
he
podcast what a bastard what a bastard you are eh
I should have told you and I would put it to you
You should have told me and I would have put it in 4k.
dude, I didn't know, I'll let you react. Eh no
It lets me react, damn. What madness, huh?
I'll give you the exclusive T no Let's see let's see what
I don't know
It's not bombastic, it's bombastic, it's
bombastic and we had it pending
long time ago Ah okay okay okay
So I won't step on it, don't worry.
HM we had it open a while ago but
It was left in the air for one thing that already
I'll explain to you later what and what happens
that as a result of the podcast I did,
heated it has heated it I have seen it
I got hot and I told him
I shoot and there it is And then I think that
Yes, but I'm not going to say it just in case.
because I don't like it, no, I don't think so, eh?
I think he will also accept you.
I say that what can happen is that it is
from cameras tell you what you're going to say x and z
and then I tell you x and that happens a lot
That happens a lot, it seems to me that
no because of course it would look bad on me and
aside, pay attention to heo eh Let's see
see I love it because they have been
swapped roles Now it's me
receiving exclusives and I'm here
reacting to seeing kids we are going to
see to
Look closely at that man. Of course, yes. Good.
but that's it, I don't even know it.
I didn't ask nor did I ask the other one
person because the other was not going to accept
you know I mean you know how many debates there are
I have been able to do it because a part is not
She has balls and plays like a coward
debates Why do you think we only have
a debate on the channel is not that the
section I do not want to continue is that
Nobody accepts, nobody accepts debate What
Shame, there was no one who accepted, I thought I was
that I could believe that it was possible
stoneware
eh I thought so because the part that
It was hard to convince Willy but
Gre played, he played cageta but normal. Let's see.
Gref wasn't going to win anything there, that is.
Willy was telling the truth about everything then.
is that he has nothing to gain is that if
You think about it there, the only one who wins is
the delos and the Javi oliveira Because in
reality the Willy the Willy the Willy eh
He's going to tell bad things about Gref and Gref.
He has nothing bad to say about Willy.
So what's the debate there for?
debate was really going to be was going to be
Look at me going over all the points of the
I follow Willy saying why there were
told Gref to say whether it was true or not
that I had to say yes because everyone
are true And from there that
make peace was a little bit the
debate that I was going to do and then yes
They wanted someone to get hot and say
Anything Ah Yeah, they do it
who want My idea was to give it an ending
happy And that each one went their own way
but no no no he didn't want to gref in fact you
I said no, I met Gref later.
in person after the podcast yes and what
He told you, Oh, I didn't tell you, I didn't
sounds like No, it doesn't sound familiar to me, I found it
I found it Yes yes and what I found it and
What nothing no no everything is very good let's see you
I spoke to him on WhatsApp and made a donation.
and I told him when I saw that he was
Speaking of this, I told him Uncle Chill
don't worry, my Don
eh And what if you want the debate And that then
we're going to give it to you know and and nothing told me Te
I'm going to talk on WhatsApp, spoiler, don't tell me
He spoke juo I think he saw that it wasn't so
that is, he saw that or that the points had
been so concise or that they had not been
opened melons is new and said Look no
I am interested in entering this battle
He slept with the pillow and said he wasn't talking to her.
eh And then I wrote to him again and
I told him uncle, that is because I didn't want him to
would remain as poo as in the land of
Nobody told him, uncle, well, I don't know.
If you don't want anything, tell me, you know, no, no.
nothing happens but that's it, it's not that much either
plan that you take it badly in fact I saw
that had become so complicated and as neither
I wanted to hurt Willy, I changed the
thumbnail and now puts the father YouTube
instead of greev I continue, I insist, gref I continue
because I didn't feel like it either
leave that is to say also at Evergreen level
It works better, we already thought about it, eh?
from day one what we did not have
I thought about changing it so soon but I saw that
everything escalated too much and the poor guy is already
Willy even came up to me and said you you you
that this escalated to a astronomical level and
I said don't worry I'll change the thumbnail and
You already know and that's it. That's the title.
It stays as it is, eh? And nothing then.
When I saw Gref, I spoke to him in person.
and I said uncle hello look I don't know what
He acknowledged which I appreciate that at least
You know what face I have, huh? And we were nothing.
talking for 10 minutes and he was also
windy there also made me
funny because then suddenly spawn
Windy also greeted Gref Windy and
nothing Yes yes yes and there was a kiss on the face not me
I told him windy because you haven't asked him for one
kiss no I haven't asked for it I haven't asked for it
little kiss would not have been the support one
photograph to put it myself in the
miniature you imagine yes what what
I think it would have been a little bad if
I asked him for the kiss, eh? Because, well, no
I'm going to talk too much but oh well, no.
You were just thinking you were a snitch, man. You are.
a snitch shouldn't have told you
nothing because you're going to prolong it no no I mean
Of course, let's see, we don't know what the gre
goes
accompanied tell me by WhatsApp who
because I think I don't know who you think
I don't remember the name of the
girl, but let's see, they caught her like that
many times or rather no, I don't have it for you
say on WhatsApp that they caught her with
a sports kid eh I think it's from
sport I don't know if it's sport no no that one anymore
We already talked about that one We already talked about that one
We already talked about that one
Ah, it's with another hour and I'll tell you.
I would throw the question into the air
has a girlfriend I would throw that question to the
better air the Dalas says it without without
Look and see filter
no how juna clar take care no juna clar
wasn't there wasn't there
there but I mean when you're telling me
That's because it is known. Of course, because it is
It says here the name is moaned no no no
No, I don't know what that girl's name is.
Oh, you don't know, but she's not the girl.
fitness is the other way around
maybe it's the girl finne of course Yes yes
I'll tell you on WhatsApp.
gamepl
There you have it, it's my feeling, okay.
say there I leave it for you there I leave it for you
debate debate no
debate
Javi, kid, do you remember Juna Clarisse?
ass I remember I remember I remember
by the way it made me a lot
Yuna Clari's topic with me is very funny
the car I was saying was stolen
car I remember when he said that
I was with Satu and Satu told me what you
you bet that tomorrow it comes out That it has been
brought the crane and I tell him it won't be so
silly won't be so silly as not to call
the crane and ask if they have taken the
car could be the crane, anyway, let's see
I understand that a sticker on the floor is not
One I think they leave you a sticker and two
I think I think that with the panic and the
nervousness collapsed and said you you short
short I would also get very nervous
But the first thing I would do is call
the crane to the police or something Hol the crane
what the hell is my car and how how did it leave
the car so that they would take the car away from him
at the door in an area that is not
I could park, I think.
He said or they would leave it be careful that it can be
read the keys just by listening to them Yes
Of course you know the keyboard I have How
Each key sounds and let's see, friend, please
eh Of course ask
Yes, in Andorra it has been rumored at times.
who says rumors also counts
confirm also valid what confirmed or
whether it has been rumored or has been
been able to speak calmly next
Javi topic, what else do we have on the table?
son of someone who was once rumored to be something between
Juna and Greev
eh as far as I know I understand that yes to
I myself have spread that rumor.
on the table because I thought that
They were coming out, my personal opinion
You know based on what, because based on the
videos that I see that are doing a
shipo very apropos or there is or there are
unresolved sexual tension or there is a
I purposely ship one of two yo yo
I have thought about it myself, I understand that all the
world has thought about it
also clear but I have thought about it
he for her not from her for
he understands me So he likes it
she I have seen it I have seen it
reciprocal from him to her, sure of him
towards her I have certainly noticed it not in
I don't know the plan. I mean, I get the feeling it's
that is a picaresque, that is, gref is a
picaresque then it may be
trolling or maybe he's doing it
Show business has said Look at a girl
Ah, she's hitting it because it's good
I'm going to throw in a little flirting here and that's it.
It's from her to him I think she
It has no need for any because it is a
girl who looks very well-groomed
independent but obviously gref
has some numbers and she has others and
She is nominated for a category and the
He's going to win and we know he's going to win
the irl safe category We are all
Okay, no, and I'll tell you more, and I don't think so.
that he deserves it but I think he's going to
win that I don't deserve, damn it
For me, Juna's actions are
normal, ordinary, and ordinary for me
the irl earned it with a beating wanar already
I know they didn't put it in because of the
hours for the hour uncle for the H But I
I commented on it. Look here I give you the spoiler.
I commented it with Misho because Misho was leaving
well with with with guar and I commented on it in the
In the podcast with him she works very well
Also, do as well as you want.
Guar is historical, that is to say, for me, Guar is
historical, that is, there is no more, eh, what there is
made guar with 150 hours because I think that
Gref said he hadn't even done 150 in
irl category far exceeds what
has done any in fact I would tell you more
what Guar has done in 150 hours exceeds
what they are what they have all done
nominated together because he is a guy who
It goes viral in every live stream, it's crazy
as it does to me is a humor that I
It's very funny and has even been recorded
Being a tiny creator, then with
gref with nil ogeda with misho has made a
a lot of things then
Hey, there was the one living on the street.
I think he decided that Green wasn't going to go
hair that would be like my favorite Then
because I really like what it does is that
I really like dark humor. So
I have you know eh pull over there eh it is
Yuna is Mario taxi or something like that
Hey, this kid, I don't know if this year there is
done something spectacular or something I mean no
It seems to me that he has done a proo like that very
from this fallen much kidi yes that had the
that moment in the van that did it
very well and took the prize very
deserved now I think kidi is very
deflated eh and I don't know if any of me
I ask Ah well to ro misfortunes neither me
I think it would bother me if he won too.
They do a very good job, I would tell you that
Look, I hope Roc wins. Unfortunately, I
It would be cool if some Boomer won. You know.
because they are like gentlemen since
They have a restaurant and everything and it seems to me
Uncle Lord seems to me like a I don't know
I really like him, dude. I really like him.
It would be cool if Ro won and no misfortunes
I remembered that they were enlightened that time
That makes them very well but let's go that
Yuna I think that if she wins not because
to belittle eh but I think it's going to be because
the final affinity that he has had with
gref for the shipping and because they are
trying to encourage not because they make a
product, that is, not because I do a live show
better than the rest Because I think that at first glance
and misfortunes makes something much more unique
than the rest of the people Although neither
I understand why they count it as Irish
because they record Yes from a restaurant
But they put it in there like irl po no
I wouldn't have a good podcast.
Living on the street, host says rice
Javi is blocked, damn dude, what's up?
that everyone everyone has you How Who is
rice rice and misfortunes have you
blocked Javi It can't be that everything Ah
Japan Jordi is also there Who is he?
Don Tomas Rice Don Tomas is called Don
Tomas but on Twitter he is called Don
Thomas I don't know, I don't follow him or if I do
I continue, it is not that I do not know, I do not know who
I follow, I stop following, the truth is I have the
account a little lost
and no, I don't dislike him and no, I don't dislike him
juna, I have not said that His
content does not seem worthy of a
I saw the competition but I
I think she's a super charming girl, right?
I have no problem with her
threw and
Unfortunately, my friend, I have commented on this one.
time
something because they sent me some clicks Eh
Well, I don't remember if the father was
I don't know if it was the father who was putting himself to
cry
because they sent me something and something
I commented, I don't know if in a newscast h
or I don't know if it was on the news or on an or
in a live broadcast we commented on something but
I don't know what Twitter
It's not funny what they say, they say
adox as long as he doesn't win and one serves him
I don't give a damn who wins
Honestly it's saying look at me You know
that I think he has touched my balls that
there is no podcast of the year I thought that
we were going to be nominated and we don't have
podcast of the year So that's what
It has bothered me since then
whoever wins, who is it that they give me?
they are the same at the time when
there is no podcast category I have lost
all the interest in them Ah that's why
I once saw him commenting live
Twitter I saw that there was someone who
I had it blocked and I didn't know Ah when I saw it
from Movistar it is true that I had
I blocked the other one but I don't have a [ __ ] clue
no idea who it is but surely now
when seeing the capture, that's why it is
for the subject
that I commented on that gossip that I
they sent
Well instead of blocking me, people do it.
What you have to do is come here
deny confirm that this is what is said
program I'm not closing the door here
to anyone and what do you think about them leaving
the gossip channels out and all the
news coverage of football, uncle
I tweeted it to you, it seems terrible to me
I said, I think it's terrible that you're not in
news coverage, that is to say, it is
football news coverage, that is, me
I can understand them saying Okay Look
We removed the podcasts because they are not there.
live they are in a fake live
even if they are released and we have 30,000
viewers Okay Okay I'll buy it from you cl it's not
news coverage really that is not
I won't buy it from you, I'll buy it from you that there isn't
section of no no that I say there is no
podcast section I'll buy it from you Although
I think it's bad that now that he has come
year of the podcasts remove the section of
podcast seems bad to me because if something
We know that 2023 has been the year of
the podcasts But well, let's remove them
It's okay. Okay, I'll buy it for you because
The criteria say so but oh well
the other two years we have made the view
fat so you can win Jordi Wi eh gref
then what happens in coverage
informative that there is more coverage
informative that the [ __ ] gossip is not that
is the content of is the content that
You are watching auronplay and Vegeta is the one
[ __ ] reality the [ __ ] reality is that
everyone sees gossip because everyone
The world is interested in gossip, but football
It is something of a Niche that it does have
many
phoropter because I don't consume that
content but that of eight channels 7 and
half whether they are football or not, 10 out of 10
9 and a half nominees are football
I made it clear when I saw the
news coverage nominees I
I say but who are all these
randoms and of course meem mean in number in
Stream at least I think so
YouTube no when I qualify when I say
Niche I mean a sector, that is, football
It is an equal sector that can be
basketball can be salsa
separate it football channels Then I
I think they are already considering it.
There are some slan 4 that will not do it
Let's see, it's going to be a football category, right?
I think there's going to be one because of all the hype.
what he gets into and why doesn't gref win a
hard with that So I think it's going to
passing me will never get me into the
In case of being nominated, gref me
you should you should go in by by
metrics, that is, at the end of the day and
I'll tell you something else, ask what do I do?
you do not surpass in metrics any of the
10 news coverage nominees
you have better views than them
I don't doubt much that everyone has more
viewers that you have many viewers It's
you know what happens that I think that I think that
We have a table here, I don't know if you're going to use it.
see if I put it on the screen but let me
a second we did we have been a
table because it didn't fit us but of course
There is a topic that there are several topics.
I see the 300-hour issue
too much because you often stop
create a good
content you can't do a live
powerful diary or rather it's like I don't I don't
I am I do not agree with the 300
hours would have put that simply
are assets that are not retired
are because imagine that there is someone
that has only streamed the last two
months but last two months has made
story imagine someone who comes from
Zero and in two months he gets into 300,000
viewers is not the revelation stream
Imagine he's done 100 [ __ ] hours.
Well, what a 100 hours of madness that was done.
dude deserves an award no look i don't know
Here we have this table, I don't know if you have it.
You see, you have to see it in my live show, eh?
Oh okay, I'm going to look at it. I have it here in the
another screen because I said let's see
telesalseo what telesalseo has is
Of course you say 300 hours
I have insurance but the average is a
problem of the ox, that is, we inform the
seo is wrong for me to say but we
we have taken out the [ __ ] I mean I have gone to
the door of the directors' wedding
of
Save me Marina has gone with the microphone to
We have interviewed a lot of events
to Marta Riesco with the most moments
I have made some hot programs with
Fran costs 25,000 spectators
They are the best programs with Tri unar
the whole issue of Daniel Sancho and so on
We have taken that one with us so much
With Fran it's hard like all the programs
what have I done with Triun Art when the
Daniel Sancho theme live 8 9
13000 or so all tremendous but what is it?
What's happening to you that you suddenly enter SEO?
I do live every day there are days
that we depend on the topics That
It is like that then there are days that maybe
you have 10,000 viewers or 2,000 or there are
times I have opened even for the
tomorrow with 1000 spectators of course
lower middle So how do you count?
that's that on average then Of course if I
I have five 50,000 Streams
viewers but suddenly I have 20 of
2000 clear Eh then what do I do Te te
I'll tell you something else, it doesn't make sense
that there is worth it makes sense that there is
awards whose rules are those that
want because they are from gref and nobody is
paying to finance them up to there okay
But if they are awards that the
community has made itself appropriated
So to speak, they are not like the
community awards we will be
I agree that it would make no sense for
there are some prizes in which you can
Participating without knowing what the bases are is
say because if I had known that
better eh To participate in the podcast
of the year I have to do it live
The best thing is that I do all the podcasts in
direct and thus I get more impact
I would have done it but say that I
I would have liked to participate. Well,
I better know that those are the bases for a
direct step and whatever was good was
doing but because I have released it
All clear but a fake live is not
The same with the premiere, for example, I have
Direct false fact that I make a false
I record directly and broadcast the video as
A live show can be done, but oh well
that at the end of the day where I want to get to
I think it's bad that people don't know
What are you participating in that I don't even know?
if there is a category of yours because
I understand that there are many people who are
pending on hosts I want an sl it's a
gre But well, look at telesaliseo I
I was almost sure that I was going in because
I say that we will see. It is that
telesalience of news coverage
I think that and forgive me that maybe
I'm throwing myself here, damn it
It is an icon and a reference channel in
in the heart what you want in the
Gossip is fine, but it is a reference channel.
damn journalists work there has been
the first channel interviewed Antonia
flowers after the dogus series or so
It's the best But I tell you Well then
look at the numbers, that is, mik Vasco mik
Vasco has managed to retain its customers
Uncle audience makes you every night
a live broadcast at 10 o'clock at night
50 minutes with a little bit of
interaction with the chat Hello good
evenings, thanks for the visa, thanks no
I know what but she her monologue pa pa pa pa
pa and the aunt speaks and and the whole live show is
In the first 5 minutes they are already there
3000 people and the live show ends with 7
8000 people every night of course
That's what happens, it hasn't reached the
hours. That is, it exceeds three or four of
those who are nominated but do not make it
the time for Eh well I calculated them the other
day I don't know if there were about 200 or 200 and something
worth 239 50-minute live tickets
clear where Maica came from
Well, I've known Maica for many years.
years he spoke of Chis Mesill spoke of
things but I didn't have a channel And when
All this happened from the heart that we started
to break some channels trying to
heart she she commented on it in a
I have never seen the program. I have never seen it.
never seen but I'm looking at your channel
and their metrics are to be applauded
eh What madness What madness she she she
It started on a radio program called Vuelos 71
which is a channel that has a channel
little one who is many years old
commenting on little things and things and it is
separated from them to give him
rod to your channel on your own because
She liked him and she prepared herself
she uploads what she does is a direct to the
day that is like a monologue talking with
the Pin Pin Pin camera telling you the
whatever gossip he has prepared, he prepares it
very well and an hour of non-stop splitting
pa pa pa pa me and has loyalty
audience at 10 p.m. every day
nights there 7 8 9000 6000 or so and that is not
Maica is nominating, I'm not telling you anymore.
telesalseo which for me telesalseo is that
Of course you have to separate there a
football categories
with Rosa Crnica social press to me
What I didn't like is that
Well I saw that tweet about the little princess that
It went so viral that I think it doesn't make
It is not even necessary to comment on it and then from there
She took advantage of that impact that
had to do how to publish his idea no
your contributions honestly I did not see yours
contributions but I did see Paul's response
and Paul let's say that he is the one who is
with gref now I don't think his name was
Paul no eh Paul Paul told him Look then
I have seen your proposal. Thank you for
do it I don't know what And there the truth is that
Paul very very polite I mean my 10 and him and
The uncle told him, "Well, I don't rule out that"
let's put in a category perhaps artistic
a category I don't know what and I say let's see
let's see let's see we're talking about
put an artistic category one
musical category a category of
football and not a [ __ ] gossip category
that moves many more visits than
any artistic musical [ __ ] and no
I know what the [ __ ] but that is to say and Why
We avoid that because it is a taboo.
Why there are taboos, that is to say, very easy
I'll give you the answer, but I think so.
that you know it too The answer is
Hey if a Javi appears at the hlan
Oliveira collecting the award And Javi
Oliveira passes 3,000
spectators here every night
have 10,000 and suddenly tomorrow he takes the
Gref goes through Andorra and misses the roundabout.
with the handbrake at 120 And Javi
Oliveira comments on it here, that doesn't matter to him.
interested
gref likes it when Javi
oliveira talks about ivai shits on ibai
He talks about Koku, he talks about Well, look
What about Win Michu, that's what Gr swallows and he
ibai too but ibai takes it
better eh Because Elba sometimes I do it
a video of anything and send me a
audio and he says to me son of a [ __ ] what's wrong
against me he knows like that he takes it
better but of course one thing is that it is
take better and another thing is sponsoring
You may want it or not, that would make you grow.
of some kind
way Not that they invite you, for example
I don't believe that the fact that you
invite and just stop by
carpet that I think can beat you
interactions on Twitter and Instagram
the day they take your picture in the
carpet and out as much but that you
Give the prize there, I think you win.
advertising because you know the [ __ ] people
says Who it is and you are already hooked because I
I disagree a little, that is to say, I agree
agreement that gives you publicity gives you a
showcase is clear but for example
kidy I don't know what numbers it will have now but
I don't think they are good because
They have given it repercussions but it has not
managed to convert her and gain her loyalty
I don't understand that if you are doing a
good content I think you do it eh
I think there are other channels as well
They do it if those people were given the opportunity
showcase obviously to build loyalty
People, why say [ __ ], well, don't do it?
I knew it and I like it, but in the end it is that.
sooner or later they will have a showcase
the channels that do it well, that is
It's that easy. There's no more time.
time Eh then I I in the end it is the
What I see is that they are trying not to give
recognition I know that there are certain
people things as they are that no
They want to come to my podcast for that reason
because they don't want in their head is no
I want this guy to get visits to
Costa mia I don't understand why Gref didn't want to
come because in his head it's like good
I haven't been portrayed in a good light on some podcasts
I don't want to go there and have people
discover the podcast and see what's there
that other podcast they won't let me on
well and I say uncle Very well then it doesn't matter
sooner or later people will see
the podcast because when you do a
content that interests followers in
Twitter to reach 100,000 is already
ridiculous amount It's already arriving
Today 140 followers. Look, I'm scared.
I ate it on the news this morning
tomorrow that you were missing 200 when I have
I entered that you were missing 150 please
Javi, but 140 will already follow you.
that takes but if in t it is easy
Twitter is easy to gain followers Only
complain about
something is already there, you put it, you put it, it seems to me
The latest exclusive that I received was very strong.
arrived from gref for putting any
nonsense and you already get followers
any jerk on Twitter is a
show tomorrow I'll tell you about it on Twitter
Twitter exclusive non-exclusive good
I can put it, I will put it there some What
Come on, we still have some gossip, another scam.
Well, let's see the issue of artists themselves.
revelation they are sending me here
that is like they are for me they are not and With
all the respect is because I take
I get along well with the pulse
some of those who are there but are not
reveal but tell me where these are
these nominees eh look at it Put Put in
Twitter streamer
streamer revelation revelation to see
what are they
Eh Eh Eh okay here I am going to see where I am
Here come out those who are there
revelation by agent maxo
D3 is that I have them half blurry fagor
Roger Fagor But these are the
revelation Ah no this is r Player what
What a shitty clip, dude.
caught mea Sorry sorry I say fagor
esene revelation where someone has a
photo or can you give me the names to see
damn, I'll just Google it instead
That looks like a grandmother, that revelation is not it
searched Twitter thinking that someone
I would have it
I'll see what's coming out here, damn, something Geo
Aldo Geo Sorry Carola Carrera
counters
elin what have you put what have you put the
from last year Oh okay, they came out
Those from last year, sorry, I'm your grandmother
literally literally grandma let's see Adri
Contreras
I miss you, repeat, repeat that I'm aiming for
remember that if I'm not mistaken it is
one of those who has a
King team but has very bad numbers
1k has bad numbers eh Adri Contreras
It doesn't have good viewers, I've seen it myself.
seen, that is, I have seen it literally
Sorry, hey, I'm laughing for another reason.
I've seen it in the Kings in
a press conference where he was
physically with VAT and pick and all and
I had 300 viewers and I say I have 300
viewers doing a live where I have
next to pique and b okay that they are
multistreaming from several
channels but it's like your community is
very small small or rather I understand that
It doesn't have much, I don't know how it's there
I guess it was a football channel or
They put something like that in there, that's why he bet on it
the project and it has gone very well because
It is clear that he has done very well but
I don't think it's a revelation Davo doesn't think so.
I think this one I don't even know who it is so no
I'm going to give my opinion, it sounds like it's ringing
The name is very strong because it is about football
I don't understand it either, but Ah, well, yes.
yes yes that is the one we have seen that
had a ton of viewers on your board
the first dabo I don't know what he had like
15000 on average, wow
madness was on your board that one that
I have a photographic memory and I remember
that there was an average of 15,000 fellings 15
Of course I don't know him but apparently there is
many people who say yes Well that one that one yes that one
for now it's going very strong 15000 vibes is
an outrage Nilo heda
revelation not because nil sol It's cool and
He is almost half retired from the
streaming but this one is half retired
year to see but not even the guy has created
I really like the content, I don't follow it.
but by time
but I still like it but it's half
retired in a plan that makes you a series
One thing now makes you another is that n
urinal is very original is a guy is a
uncle that I think has been missing
consistency But because he himself
burning of things I talked about this with
Misho, but he is a crack creator
content but Stream revelation I don't know
I don't know what numbers he was dealing with but I think
that this lab has more viewers than
nil maybe not it's that I don't watch Twitch Lo
Sorry friends, there is no polot revelation
Teli I imagine it will be football I don't know
Who is Rd Javi I don't know who he is either
Cry Cry that has caused a lot of controversy or what?
And now I give my opinion about Cry. Don't eat him.
cimbrel because I go to the podcast eh Now
Let's talk about Cry, let's continue.
wc I'm going to give my opinion I'm going to give my opinion
done I think that
Cry I think Cry is not a revelation
because cray although now the numbers are
impressive with the theme of the
cpeo had impressive numbers of course
What is happening now is huge
numbers now is a smoke, that is to say the
numbers now don't make sense, okay?
I would say that now the numbers exceed
f what I tell you but for this topic
of the chip But I have already fallen
seen on several occasions that he had
impressive numbers no When I say
impressive numbers I'm talking to myself
from 15 to 20,000 viewers and videos of
500,000 visits every day happens that
Now with the chipo it has been a smoke
surpass Shakira okay I'll give it to you later
I'll give you my opinion later.
It is that for me, for me, a revelation is a
Random and suddenly boom, I mean
example I could no longer be a revelation
why because although I suddenly
grow up Half a year Imagine that I get to the
million subscribers but I am already
I know there you go there goes my opinion there
Teo my opinion I think Cry is in
the wrong category I think I fell into
should be in streamer of the year with
The Greats have more juers than all
Those who are there, I think, are
number yes and you because they have just
marked that this time the eslan were going
by numbers that's why I'm telling you now
Well I don't think I had to win.
because I think for me streamer of the year
It is not the one with the most numbers but the one
that has more numbers in quotation marks
is within a group of people with
many numbers and that makes events and
epic things for me would have to win and
b for me because I think the evening
which was done even though it sounded like the
ass is a cool event has made a
lots of live events like that
I think this and that should stay standing.
IB is a guy who at the content level is
the one who is doing like Mister vist
Spanish I think we will all be
I agree Cry, I think I should too.
compete in that category but in
revelation Imagine that I am me
invention eh
this Davo no and I say [ __ ] man
I've worked hard because I come from nothing.
because I didn't know him and I have 15000
viewers and they put a guy in me who for a
Shipo has half a million and now he's going to get me
take away the prize from a guy who was already
famous before for having half a million because
I don't agree, if I were Davo I would
would bother because I think it has more
merit to go from very little to 15,000 than
152 make something viral and go to medium
million because they already have you on the radar
you know exactly
wcol wescol has been talked about a lot
of him but it is clear that the numbers do not
that we are seeing from Davo are better
no wc I saw it the other day live with
5000 or 6000 people would be putting the
music W wcol wescol makes no sense
the numbers or rather has more despite
who is the type of person who is worth it
But let's see if for fame for
[Music]
revelation number yes it is clear because
How many viewers does h have with the same thing?
has you in a live 60,000 40,000 what
30,000 in kck above I have seen it What
A few days ago I wasn't doing anything
special I got into K was Ah is that
I saw it on Twitch, damn it. So yeah.
So for now, of those you have told me
commented wescol takes it Yes yes yes it is
that
wesc what a barbarity 3000 in Kick what
[ __ ] outrage 37 That is almost 40,000 in
Kick is madness that doesn't make it
practically no one, eh, that's what it is
revelation now and then is the person
who is and does things in the Stream
but clear in the definition of
revelation yes it is because he was Random
a couple of years ago or so Random
yes it was Random and now it's clear I mean
What a crazy number eh is one
This man's madness is madness
exp pulse
no exp pulse no no no the same Expo
If I expel you, I'll be following you.
since I did the elite thing If this
uncle is 10 years old or so on YouTube I do it
I met him through a friend in
common in 2016 to exp
Purito in 2016 by a mutual friend in
in Barcelona yulito I say spursito in
in any case it could have been when it was
became very popular for the roleplay that
He made that kid eh in GTA is that
He was one of the first to make a big splash in
football content because I remember
that when I met him there,
2016 the turkey had opened the channel and
In less than a year it reached 100,000
I'll tell you, well, I'll follow you.
with him and I have had it there for a long time
podcast closed with him what is not yet
we have recorded but it seems to me that it is a pulse
An uncle of mine from the elite was the one who most
It made me laugh, he seems like a guy and
I expel you invented the penalties of the
true, come on and take it with you
You always insist, you bastard and and but that's it
Yes, Steam Revelation I think has little
that he himself said no yesterday
I wanted to participate that in fact
And I ask myself, why is that?
why they put you in streamer
revelation or streamer of the year or whatever
out and you
you take off Roger has taken off
voluntarily that I read it in a tweet
that Roger had taken off, I don't know
who is in plan laugh if I see it by the
street I don't know what face he has but I know he is
name because it sounds familiar to me
someone from atam who has hit hard and
that could have votes to be for
there but [ __ ] it seems to me it seems to me a
It's a little strange that you're leaving, or rather, why?
reason you quit Why would you quit
Imagine if they nominate you Javi, I can
understand that Dallas leaves because he
Gref Vale dislikes him because he doesn't need him.
But someone who is just starting out and
is going well for what reason does not want
further
exhibition I the awards
Let's see after the ugly thing that happened to me
done to me other times taken out I don't know
But for example, this is an event.
that I would like to go because, well, yes
It is an event that I would go to because this
It's cool but apart from me, for example
gref i don't see it
[Music]
As he has done things, he has made mistakes
but not from uy uy Dallas because he's gone
Dallas to sleep If he doesn't take you out
pyramid scheme the earpods the I don't know
What? And then the anger that I get
They put me in because of that lawsuit
What was the restraining order like?
They put you in, I've been lucky that they
has gone to sleep deas eh How come he hasn't
done things he has done [ __ ] but it is not
Joke is a joke, it's a joke that I'm joking with you.
hesitating is not enough for me not to go
to an event because it is from gref or that is to say ha
He's done some [ __ ]. Look, I'll tell you.
One thing I tell you one thing I think that
has done things I think he has done things
I think he's done worse things.
what a mess anyway
I understand that there will be a lack of context.
some eh obviously hasn't done it
Well, in many cases it is clear but
I tell you openly, it's me
peel who mounts the event that except that
is being financed with money from the
terrorism or something weird like that if to me the
event is going to benefit me I'm going to go to it
event or if I think I'm going to spend it
Well, I'm with colleagues, I'm going to go to
event eh I don't care whether it is, that is to say, I
evening for example I reject it. Well, to me
Well, I had a good time, man, I went to the
evening and I had a good time and I understand everything
the topic of coscu And that but I'm not going to
screw up an event for me because I'm dirty
you know or I don't understand end don't [ __ ] with me
because I am not the one who is afraid of
sport is not that or if there was
gone to the evening would have been simply
for the posturing not on the carpet but
after No I sport and the fight is not
that interests me No, I haven't seen it in
Stream, that is, okay, but it is also
I do see the CCU thing as an issue.
I love that people go you know
but for example I, to the to the frozen ones
even though I don't like it too
I will also tell you I will also tell you that I
I didn't know everything about Costco when I went
there and there were already many things that were not yet
I didn't know mm And I was going to tell you that Roger
Sorry, eh, I'm a bit of a Boomer.
I'm sorry Roger removed himself from the category
streamer of the year but not revelation
It's just that in my head it was like just
could be nominated in a category
I don't know why, as the idea that there was
read and it's not worth it okay Well then
in revelation then follows well
Well, well, yes, Roger, I don't know what it is about him.
Ren 88 I have no idea who he is.
a certain Ren
88 no idea No
I know how to be good, let's see, they say around here about it.
put the prawn in live one two and three
times and four friend and four damn it is
and by God, nothing is happening to me.
You correct them so that you are later
dude or there are people here watching this
not to correct me, eh, one thing you have
Can I ask you one thing? I'll give you one.
a name out there to find out if
Can you explain to me who the hell this was?
Dude, they've spammed me a lot.
This guy, this guy can be mentioned without
tell me the
name to know who
What Lore is there? It's okay, let's see.
This is the one that is that you don't see if
They are spamming us on the gibel no that
They are spamming it Ho again to see the
gubel this is that they are asking me to
I invited him to a talk, I don't have anything here.
problem of inviting everyone who wants to
They dedicate Good to all the youtubers to
Let them come and chat. Here I am, all of them.
the nights and can go up what happens is
I don't know, apparently it does something like that.
a lot of irony, a lot of sarcasm and such. And
then I don't know if he has messed with
Dallas and with Ariann in a non-formal way
sarcastic I mean yes yes she is not a hater I don't
It matters now if it's a ler I'm not going to do it
go up here of course Not for nothing but because
I I For example I have nothing in
against if you dislike Dallas because it
You criticize because, hey, in the end, everyone is
free not yourself and I talk to each other
people who don't get along with the Dallas Y
that's it that's what there is you can't
to be fighting with everything was
simply already already if he has messed with
Arian on some occasion there is no longer any
I step, I have taken out, I have taken out
the topic because I didn't know who he was and the
Another day we were live and the guy
Spamming everywhere I got into
Twitch I saw that I had a lot of viewers
and I said it will be someone known because that
I don't know and I said, well maybe it is
interesting and we set up a super here
direct Then I told you eh There's this guy
through the chat, I don't know if you are
seeing obviously you had seen it but
Well, innocent of me, I thought that I didn't.
because sometimes I don't know what you're all confused
for life we had Dalas falling asleep
Hey, come on, more of the same and you, what are you doing?
You were there as always, doing your thing.
So of course I said no I don't know and well
Yes, I have also seen that he is accused of
the one with the G word
eh but I think that I think that it is that
see I think that both the thing about being it is
about the fact that he messed with Dallas and and
I think it's like a meme or a Lore.
that he has with his followers and I think
It's a joke then. Of course, if you want.
go up because it is now reacting to
We if you want to go up and explain it
if you are not a hater, seriously, or whatever
It's one thing if you don't like it or if
you don't agree with a YouTuber
with which we get along but
Another thing is that we are watching to see if
They are attacks in a serious way, like me.
I think you understand what I mean
I mean No if it is this kind of such no
but it's because I haven't caught on
I've still seen two or three points
things on Twitter and I think it's a joke
I think I think he is actually a follower.
mine but I don't know I'm not sure Let's see
seeing us he is not eh he is seeing now
on Twitch proudly Mexican a
video eh But I guess the chat is very
fast
eh But well I don't know let's see I think that
It would be good if you explained what or who
[ __ ] is or rather because I continue with the
doubts about who the [ __ ] this guy is, okay?
It's worth telling him to come and tell him that V
I say I say eh You're invited You're
guest the other day was based with
Ricky Ed things are true, yes it is
true, I'm going to look for friends somewhere else.
today we are invited to see you on Direct at
direct with says fan of
Javi is worth it. I already read it. Ah, cho for followers.
wait a moment I have to follow him I'm going I'm going
I'm going to the bathroom while you're talking, eh?
second okay I have sent him the message
but I think it's clear that it's going to be lost
In the chat I'm going to the bathroom no no no go
I have to ask you something
important Yes okay Okay yes I'll go anyway
to splice today Ah look he has already read me
Someone in your chat has given you a host
llama delox bro Ah I think he already has it
read
worth a a
Seeing him faint is a ref fan of yours, Javi.
Well let's see. It's that I have
genuine curiosity to know who he might be
this
dude, let's see, Javi fan, hater of wings is
that combination is difficult
eh Let's see
let's see what this is
Uncle, I have sent you a donation so that
find out because the guy is more lost
that I know, okay, let's see, tell me
that I have technically sent you an ADO
but I don't know if it has
read Ah ok it is me
talking Ah he's sucking me off in
straight a moment Yes there is
sex but I don't know who the [ __ ] I don't know
I don't know exactly what it does but I
People put a lot of it. Not what I see.
is that he is a fan of anime because what
I see because in your community I am seeing
many words that are from a podcast to
that I was from the worst generation
So I see that he is a guy who
I like anime. I haven't seen it yet.
do nothing strange but that's why I have
curiosity I think you've already noticed
that we have invited him yes but we have to
reaching 100,000 on Twitter
tell him how the bastard takes advantage of everything
Javi, I think we have to get there.
to 100,000 on Twitter To pass the
link we have to see what it says We have to
reach 100,000 on Twitter To pass it on
If not, I will not pass the link to you.
let's see what he ordered that I didn't
heard Ah He says he's coming
Oh okay, yes, he says, he says to give him more.
I respect that rups man is not difficult or
I don't have anything personal with him.
I know who the [ __ ] it is but listen to me
listen to me tell me
eh We have to arrive We have to arrive
[Music]
I'll tell you. You have to reach 100,000 in
Twitter to send you the link
Do you think we'll get there, man? I think so.
that your community is going to follow you what
You are a rat, eh? Let's see, I want to do it too.
I also have to reach 100,000
I'm also missing 75k, come on.
you'll see, ask for something, [ __ ], and it doesn't give me any
I might come here to have a laugh
I don't give a damn about laughter. Followers don't care.
But of course, let's see. They are measuring me.
giving Toor a hard time to upload it and it was
so that he is a hater and we see here a TR
Let's see what can happen or what it is
The worst that can happen I'm going to tell you
I'm going to talk to him on Twitter
hello good
eh Now we send you the link you give it to him
you send yes if he answers me yes I have
spoken by Twitter community of gbel
that he is listening to me tell him that I have
written by Twitter I have written to you I have written to you
written by Twitter and tell him Javi said
Yes, yes, it reaches 100,000 on Twitter
passes you the
link in you are a rat eh you are going to do it you are going to do it
get equal
eh it makes me angry because because I
I put on the side in 5
minutes what else do we ask for a pizza in the
little beach or something, you look like a one
terrorist negotiating you know in plan
I want you to give me followers here
followers
There is that I
I'm laughing, look at the tesa, she's coming
up and it says NX 2000 members 3000
likes let's see I'm going to send it I don't know if I
bits left Ah yes yes I have bits left to see
I'm going to send 100 bits to see if
They sound, I wrote to you by
Twitter mid Don is that he is going to lose himself
This turkey, eh? How can you go so far?
lost with 2500 viewers dude I mean it's not
so difficult to read the
chat I also donated it for him to see
now he has it
seen Ah he's telling you to follow him
Twitter is putting you in
screen says follow him so he can
Entering is putting the promo there
You'll be happy. Look.
Look, look, look, they say no, no, no, how disgusting
What kind of haters there are, huh? They are haters.
They are haters, no, let's see, I don't think so.
I think it's just that it's clear that
If you ask him it seems like extortion.
you're asking to be followed, you bastard
put the poor kid in. Life is like that.
life is very hard
eh Okay, is he coming or are we continuing?
while this guy the bad thing is that of course
If I put the link and the guy is there
showing the [ __ ] Twitter you know or it doesn't work
sneak in the link you know like let's see eh
I wrote to him on Twitter and the guy goes
lost to see
mate reads the chat XD I have
written to see if he notices
Look, you have less left and you have
uploaded you have uploaded eh No no we are going to
arrive now how much is left for you But for
What do people want so much?
let's get on this turkey or I think it's going to
be a troll and that I don't trust you
that if he has been in the worst generation
It's cool, I don't think it's that bad.
I hope he at least behaves himself if not
You throw it in and that's it. Nothing happens. No, it's not.
So what's the worst that can happen?
that gives you a viral clip and you play it and that's it
It is or rather I don't think I don't think it says anything
No
Ok, I'll send you the link privately.
Send it, come on, take it, here you have it.
Here it is, let's see. I sent the link to
see
Yes, I already sent you the link, that is to say, it is
making you reach 100k because
wants
Okay, I've already seen the link, I've already seen the
link now
manage to see says don't upload it is a hater and
your chat too I don't know until
what point is troll dude is that I don't know
to what extent are you trolling me?
Also You know what happens is that
He thinks, oh now I hear myself doubly because
I think he put the live broadcast there and
I sounded like you already have it
Stream This I think is being configured
his things that's why I didn't listen there
I say that I don't know to what extent it is
troll because he comes from the community of
the worst generation there are some
you trolls are freaking out then
I can understand that it's humor. I mean, no.
I think it is
hater well let's see let's see what they say
They say for
here we win we win it's coming it's a
They think we are setting a trap for them
trap us if we don't even know
who is at least me but you have
some rivalry with him
Javi No, I got involved. I got involved to search.
my name on your Twitter and and Tena and
you found and you found [ __ ] not three
tweet like that about some nonsense but it is
which I think was like irony or rather no
I think they were serious comments and
He and the counter Ardala did have something to offer
better more critical but it sounded familiar to me
joking and they told me that there was something
said something about Arian once but
Now we are going to ask him but I think
that has not been done
said because if not when you say Arian it is
Dallas's sister Sure man if you know
criticizes Gameplay okay okay No
no no that's okay Okay but Ariann you
You mean Dallas's sister, right?
Okay, okay, I'm missing the names.
I'm going, I'm very bad at that. Oh, look here.
What happens is that I think I don't know
you can put the camera because it is in the
direct you know that I removed it direct
no so what Ah he's gone Ah okay okay
Yes, he has come to the conclusion because
I think I hadn't reached that point
conclusion thanks to the tip-off that
I have given I think because of the smile that has
It's sketched, I think he's noticed.
that this was the fault that has to be
taking the camera away from there is nervous
He's nervous, he's getting the better of him.
Fame is being able to achieve that moment of glory
That queos over expected is nervous O
I don't have it muted but just watching
your expressions I'm laughing my ass off if
You have two screens, I encourage you to put it
because he is very funny he is a character
No, let's see, I think he's nice.
see I have not seen it bad or
It's that I don't know, it's that we're going to
break the base that you were on today
defending Ricky eh No I have you
said that [ __ ] that Ricky is not that bad
people like you
that he has made a mistake and is now
see okay okay is trying is ah
coming is there managing
Hey, you're managing, let's see what's going to happen to you.
say then remember that topic that
You told me why I should write it down to see it
Send it to me on WhatsApp to see what
The thing is, let's see what kind of trouble you're going to get me into.
No, no, no, no, now we'll talk about it, good
Hello hello everything is fine Yes but in your
you directly have the black screen Eh
Yes, yes, sorry, I share, I share you.
but it doesn't let me put the camera on, I don't know
why does it happen that I am very bad with things
electronic things configure everything for me
others Ah no I I I I think I know the
why but you can't fix it per
you have to turn off obs and back on
plug it in so don't worry no no
you have to turn off obs you have to go
to the obs and the camera changed it Ah
Deactivate Deactivate you have to
Disable disable the changes
input directly Put one that is not
exists and then now you come here to
the nut and there you put
I love the camera.
Luckily, and I think I didn't leave it
little nut the gear Javi the little nut
But let's see, without a camera it doesn't tell us
He doesn't tell us, he doesn't give us confidence in this.
Of course because we are here
inviting you because people have three or
four days spamming a bag and
So we want to know if you son of a [ __ ]
a doubt who you are
If you are a fan of I am an anime channel
How am I going to be a fan of CCU? I'll see it.
cursing every two minutes But see fan
of anime can then be a colleague of the
Shelo then I want to know what the
level to know if no no no shelo is
fan of mine but I don't know him Who
It's Chelo who messed with Tommy 11o
Ah I thought IB thought I was leaving
to do the crouch with some bonelo
[ __ ] that eh I've seen myself for a
moment all my life go by
in front no no Chelo Garca Corts very
good collaborator of Slvame from ago
many years Oh okay I didn't know who he was
sorry sorry chelo chelo is a machine
also very professional that
But you put the camera on or you don't let me.
not even here to see, [ __ ], how he's going to leave you
if you don't pay for Windows
to see the [ __ ] Windows without paying that
are
10 that you have 2 viewers and it says
activate Windows you will be stingy
[Laughs]
The bastard is dead, he is dead. Oh, okay.
he's back he's back
Sorry I can't I'm very bad I'm very
Bad Okay, put a picture or something
you don't have to be able to do it by egg. That is you.
you give it to the
you give the gear nut
gear and you go to camera and point the
there is no camera
The worst thing about it is that it takes me out of
Here when you don't have it you can't take it out.
you can
take out to see I do it live I do it
hao live put here select
I change and select mine again yes
ready and I put
start is true
make it clear this this this will not pay nor
the internet and takes the camera out of here
but of course it's not because he has the camera
activated in the obs in the obs has the
camera and you have to double click
in the camera and hit Disable is not
turn it off in the eye is Deactivate that
that happens to me sometimes
and in the obs you give it to deactivate the
camera and that's it but the other day there was the
jacket dress look there in the
camera wherever you have it in any
that you have the camera there, remove it
take it off I don't know it's taken off me no more
I see it clearly but it is not there
taking the camera away what he is doing
It may not be visible but it still has it
you don't see it you have to take it and put it in
camera you have to put it in and deactivate it
put a camera in it puts the camera in it and
take another source that is different
Add a camera there Add a camera there
there without fear without fear Add one
chamber there chlorine adds another one or the
change is that not here video capture it
that he is not listening to us or if I don't know
Here I put this same one of
below is add source and now you give it
double click where it appears below double
Click and select Disable obs in the
obs give to Start virtual camera do
that Start virtual camera on the
Obs, don't complicate his life because he's going to
die, we are going to die there
eh Well I gbel have given you the
opportunity eh but it's putting you to bed eh
I'm trying it, it's with a camera, eh?
is with camera is with camera
eh Let's go Let's go How it was How it was gel
gel eh You don't know this Ah the pod friend
elend let's see us We wanted to know if
you were a hater, no, I'm literally me
I criticize everything that seems wrong to me because
I come to the internet to have fun. Ah
but to us
You criticize me, look, I know you.
since what happened with Jairo block
because you remember what happened to Jairo with
Yellow mellow and the girlfriend he had and
all the controversy that there was that you
you then got a Game Over for what
Elisy said, I followed you from there and my
Mom watched your live streams with me and everything
Total cinema but your mother is from the
Gentlemen, the thing about the ice Melo in
true today we would treat it eh or
be it from today's perspective if
suddenly in the forum you start talking
to get these things out
we would try were other times were
other times and we saw it differently
We saw like Ah what will be the Jairo but
Actually today we would deal with that.
Of course, imagine they make a thread instead.
of ice Melo who I tell you gref
with I don't know who or whatever we did it with
how many people have taken photos I don't know what
In fact it was true that the ice Melo
to put a stone on someone
Sister, do you remember that? Gel, yes, I know.
The truth is that he obviously nailed a dog to him.
I remember everything. Hey, but with my
Ariann, you haven't gotten involved. No, no, that's a
clip that you know jefar blocks Yes
yes the one of the parody the one of the
parodies we were doing a making
memes and I don't know why Dallas is in
trend and I said and he said let's do it
the most enjoyable memes I said the meme
It's going to be softer about the sister of
give it and cut it Ah he puts it to make me
a parody video and I say no No
lie we are not going to mess with anyone and
He cut that and put it in a video.
that people were telling me no
that you were a hater who had messed with
Ariann, I don't know, but then I see it
I tell you it's not true it's an irony it's
has thrown something even the t that you
You mess with Dallas some too I have
I saw that it is
half
but or rather but the question that we
we all then condemn ourselves to coscu
The main question for hate is worth it
main question to let you art
you condemn to ccu this is that this is like
a sex girl, me no Javi No, then they'll go to you
to say that we are a poor coscu sect
do what you have to do
The poor guy has had enough, he doesn't do this.
I can't even see Coscu, boludo, nor can I
momo or anyone who speaks to the nase
vegan I can't even see them But you don't
You are Argentinian, I am Uruguayan. Oh, okay, okay.
My mistake is that you sound familiar to me
quite similar okay okay okay I already
I have gained haters now Although that is true I
I don't agree with many things
Dallas and I say it and I have criticized
several of the things that I have done
and I keep doing it because I think it is
The healthiest thing you can do, eh? Me
They say that if you are Argentinian in your chat
eh No don't read my chat my chat search
troll me and make me fight with everyone
world Don't read but your chat actually
He hates you not because they have put me
a spam arm that you had I don't know what
you had killed a guy who
you had a son of a [ __ ] that you shared
child pornography or your chat in
Do you really imagine Javi saying No no to you?
that is true that is true
that calm down with that t cha actually
Michat hates you, what he's looking for is an agent
From the chaos of my chat, that's what I'm looking for.
Ok, and what things, for example, are you not into?
agree with me well in
some with you and with you in several but
should remember But with dasas the
I have more fresh ones to see surprise us with
Dallas, for example, the eight thing to me
It seems like a huge voice what it was
to say that he is a rapist and throw him away
There to throw it away It's like that's what it stayed like
unnecessary that remained as very in the
Let's see the conclusion that I drew there was
that someone who and done who I know
Who do you think I'm going to say and buos no?
you get wet Who do you think I believe For me
It was Akuma. Yes, she was Oo Yo's ex.
I think Claro if we don't talk about it I have a
video on the main channel in fact I
I think someone said things to him or
taught things that I, I, to see Javi that I
I think there will be people like me I want
know what sauce this is can you give me
That was one thing Dallas said today.
from oo in a couple of was cursing to
triline out of nowhere and out of nowhere says and
eight is a violin I have proof that it is
and shipments eh but of course let's see
I understand that, eh, because then
time it came out that eight had it
reported several girls and it was like that
I don't know what the hell is left there, not even that much.
Neither on one side nor on the other, eh, I don't know
if all parties have to and
Akuma and Akuma is that of Oo
We found out that it was akuma, that's what I have.
a video in the main of that we take out
that she was an ex of eight and of course
understand that maybe this girl Well
He must have been telling something, I don't even have it
[ __ ] idea is not that I know what made a video
saying that he liked sex more
that consent would be required for
those things all we talk about those
topics were speculations because they
It was left in the air, no one wanted to talk.
nothing eight did not speak to eight again
They reported what they saw and had to go down
from Andorra to give some
explanations but he hasn't said Hey either
Well, it's already been clarified. Hey, well, this is
what happened, listen, because he agreed that
He was going to speak and he didn't speak either. I think that
It is a topic that has been buried and and and without
more and apart from that topic that I think that
It was a bit of a no man's land that
I remember that something like that happened but that
It didn't come to anything, it's not like he stayed
One said he was going to do this, the other
Nobody did anything What topics are there apart from
that and I also think there are many
times that he wins what he does
temperamental
of getting excessively Crazy I say
You want to give an image of a company
It doesn't work well for you to go out and do a
video saying what I'm going to do is the
I'm going to slit everyone's throats, I'm going to take myself out
when I kill you and hang you and you are tied up
life between go out life between yours
eyes but but how can you take yourself in
Seriously Dallas on Twitter yes
is but that was literally Ah that's it
He said in the video, "[ __ ] you, daras"
Man, I was inspired that day, huh? No, no.
but I think that was a promo for
I took too long to prove that I didn't have
limits and clear promo passes to see
I understand that I understand that some
gift would fall that he would think about it and that he
I was serious too
I say I loved the part about you're going to
escaping life through the eyes is madness
a poet Who rises from the Ay
right there my career is ready for
finish if not no
I would accept it, it scared me even and I wouldn't go
with me believing that it was going to be true
I say, host, bang, hit here you know.
would have been would have been great
has heard has been heard until the
fart, he played cowardly that thing
Latin America, the thing about Latin America, I
It seemed like a bit of a nonsense and what happened
With the girl Sabrina I don't remember the
Channel How was it? Here it is. Continue Today.
I want to hear that lost but that Pol Ah
The Latin American thing was a video that was
He made his opinion about things in Latin America
and then they came out saying no that
You don't know about the economy here.
So No, she invited him from Sabrina's
ideas I don't remember the channel that
invited to debate and told him the questions
uncomfortable that invited him to debate
He said, but well, let's debate but with
moderator and everything clear but that girl
He set some conditions that were like but
Let's see D's response was a little
aggressive to what he told you not what you
You are a clown who doesn't understand
that Cos is calmer and I think that the
people become a little more assertive
assertiveness to say things yes but
Yes, it is true that there is the girl Mira
Here is Fran Fran, the girl comes up
girl also asked for one, that's it
not wanting to debate not in plan if it is No
but in an intermediate channel that and then
I think the dasas told him, "Well, let's go to the
Javi Oliveira's channel and he didn't want to either
It sounds familiar to me. I don't know if this was the case, it was another one.
that he said Ah no that was doctor no that
It was with Mr. Doctor, okay? And what the heck? What
What happened to Mr. Doctor?
That one went to the village, no, not that one now.
He's messing with Dallas again.
He hasn't forgotten it and is getting involved
again with Dallas that guy really likes me
It was a pity that I followed the whole time
Lore there God What madness fell on him
That kid, that one was a real mess, huh?
epic eh That was how I had it
I'm really happy watching those videos, but
Let's see, Gibel Dallas isn't here.
I don't know if he's still watching us.
But if you want to come up and tell me something
It would be cool but against me against him
you disagree with something we can
debate no It's more I'm going to say something to
I really like him because he is a fan of DEU.
Kaisen, I can't mess with a fan.
Deut Kaisen I have the whole collection of
Funko, you didn't see a scam, you didn't see it
scam if not If suddenly I don't like it
ah
What do you think about the elite? Do you think it exists?
a
elite
obvious And what do you think very well with a lot
people who are quite there
up to see with whom with whom not
top top Let's see, I'm not saying no to you.
send a message saying Elite of course
we are taking note we are taking
note we make who you consider t
elite let's see surprise us elite who
who is the elite who are you with
connected release your
[Music]
The truth is I'm afraid to speak because
then I spoke and all the channels came out
This is my clip after that is the one I said that
I found out about something they did to a
guy tries to go out Tomorrow there are eight
expon gel extracts
Gameplays to see but wait for it
Look, I'm going to tell you something about the ox.
a little ugly as treated in the podcast
that
I give you I give you I'm not going to mention it I'm not going to mention it
I'm going to mention let's not mention it
bed 399 appears in the title, you'll be amazed
you're going to freak out you're going to freak out about why it is
You're going to freak out about why that is now
which already has quite a few visits
I can say you know I wanted to call
Gameplay and Juan guarnizo all the time
by name but we couldn't because
It was the condition that I used windy me
He said no names can be given and I told him
I and I can put them on the labels
in the title in the thumbnail it said yes to me
Yes, you do whatever you want, but I'm here
ahead not for reasons that they
They have private ones and now they give him a nickname
Then I told him, "Well then,
We have to use nicknames because I'm not going to
say the because they are going to or rather we
we're going to confuse everything all the time, he told me.
Okay, and I said, "Well, let's put it on."
these nicknames and he told me Okay and I said
You know these nicknames are more offensive
that it is possible to call them by name and I
He said no, but I prefer to say it like this.
that no those who no that no the name by
for our reasons because that's not how it is
legal issues let's say Okay
then I said Ah okay And I said ok and
then I was surprised that it went viral
That's why I didn't go, I didn't go badly
But I do understand why
They may have bothered But well the
That was the situation, that is to say, I
For me I would have said ar Gameplay I wouldn't
I have no problem saying your name
Ok Gibel, who is the elite for you and
with whom of them you have contact
Who is it for me to see I know something about the
Elite is very very heavy, you're going to tell it
Here tonight I'm not going to tell it or
fart I'm not going to tell you are you going to tell
see if I could tell you in private
but no no no no one can hear you eh
in private so that he wants it to be
a psychologist, let's see, I want him in
public Let's see first no no Who is it
for you the elite and let's see the elite and for
me any person who has more than 5000
Viewers are starting to become elite. Oh, what are you saying?
starts to have Then we were
elite the other day eh Javi we were elite
the other day eh Let's see what happens I'll put one
different bar on all platforms
For me Twitch is harder to have
viewers on YouTube for How it works
the recommend button Yes but you are
going off on a tangent and your chat is
saying you're a coward
names I saw myself [ __ ]
cursed I remembered something that I didn't remember either
liked Dallas as it was the thing
Capric too Yes but but but that one is not
The issue is who is the elite.
is throwing The gel has been saved this
Four wild cards have been saved and when
you don't want to answer it takes something out of you
Dallas no no no Who's the elite come on
Come on, let's start. I can see what you don't like.
from Dallas but let's see Well now When
up and down
Hey
you crash, I Juan, I don't put it in because he said
that they didn't like him, but Juan is the one
elite guy is top top top per said bad
Juan is elite
elite worth And with who and with whom it is
the elites with who is elite
Does your contact with Juan No?
lie Who me
wrote is writing I Juan you
Cate is writing to you Juan
I guard so that you do not speak ill of him
Okay, with whom? No, if you knew what
I told Juan Guarnizo no
remind us that we don't know
remind me
per Hey, but it came super cut off
dude I'm seeing that I had
invited to I don't know what interview does a
time since I invited you yet
talk about Disney Because Soul came and I
He said, It would be good if you talked to Javi.
Oliveira, well, forgive me because I didn't read it.
I just realized the message now
eh, so you wanted to talk about Disney
with me from Disney Yes okay then I want
talking to you about the elite is worth it
Who among the elite have contact with me?
I love it, I want to talk about Disney. Well, I
Let's talk to you about what I want
Sure, but why did you cut it off?
eh can I say one thing I can say one
something little is said about what we all have
a Stitch in the Setup eh Yes obviously one of
the best characters of
Disney It's true, I've seen that from you.
When I took a look at you I saw you
I saw that I was follower 10 and I said Ah
well then half good already what do you have
the guard down Who is the elite was
a trap you fell into my trap Who is it
the elite bu let's see Remember me let's go
start little by little Remind me that you
you told ju that you didn't
I know that the chat reminds me. Let's see, I told him.
cuckold I laughed at the 399 Meme
many
sometimes we even have the alert that he gave it to us
the reason to
wescol In what in Juan with Juan guarnizo
I think wescol is right. Ah, about that
I can't imagine the numbers, no. Yes, obviously.
basad well you can make fun of that
someone loses work but
make fun of him for losing or wanting him to
lose my job see everything or rather I
I would be glad that what I said was that I
I would be glad if things went better for me than
that person who laughed at me in the
past but do not wish it on anyone either
that no because being out of work is
you might be left without income
family also lives off your income
Ok, and who from the elite do you have?
contacts with none but ent has not
entered and that laugh that shy laugh no
He believes it, let's not even his mother in
bicycle
does does with none I I am a
Random me, I am a Random but Ugh you
Chat doesn't think the same, they are telling you
saying cabonet eh you're in the chat
failing your community has not entered
saying that he knew things about the elite that
was going to us
tell me I told you that I knew something and I told you
I can tell off camera but let's see
Tell me about it on Twitter and
We manage to see what it is Tell me about it
PR I can tell you something I'll throw at you
one thing but you can't say anything no to me
V I don't say anything I don't say anything look at it
and it
I also want to know that I
I'm here the first of Maruja You Know I
I want to find out
for so much
eh Well but yes but that's what I'm missing
names I told you the second and you have to
understand it. Of course, but I understand that it is
the one I know but she is very
strong but whose to
who but not from whom to whom because
I do not know that it is true who
has cheated on who hasn't but
That's already known who you're talking about.
another thing
Ah how Ah
Damn, I didn't know this one. This is it.
interesting
Ah This is interesting information
that I didn't have in my hands eh And I don't know
can you know why not no no can't
Why? Let's see, we have given data that
a person went to Oh I'm going to you I'm going to you
leaked something else but let's see let's see
see Ah but of course let's see but if we have
I'll tell you later if we have that in
our hands why not tell it to
People, let's see. Oh, it has been shared with me.
screen accidentally is eh Ah well That
I imagine it, eh, that's what I imagine. This
They've done it to everyone there.
that there in that area it is very easy to do that
in that area it is sad it is sad but
Yes, in that area it is very easy
They didn't kill anyone, don't worry, they didn't kill anyone.
so you imagine there's a streamer
that they no longer disappeared is saying
where is musca's body no but to
see
eh it's it's It's fun it's it's fun the
The question is how you are going to refute it
that's because of course that's what S has
happened That's my point you know what you
you tell me here
Wait
which is from
horns is
of of
what but of course I don't understand
We are on a channel that has been inhabited
There's been more than one, eh? Ah, well, of course.
Of course that information is good.
I would share that last part, it's curious
eh That last part is curious to see Son
They are Spanish. Look, I can share. I can
read the last sentence and I won't say any names
Of course not, son of a [ __ ], let's see, let's see
Host, but you're very scared, Gibel, come on.
What's happening, I'm the one who shared this with you?
It's technically if you say it, woman.
the one who told me, let's see, yes, yes, but
Technically if you say it it is not a crime in
I plan, I think it can be done.
share with someone who has allegedly
said you release the data and it is not, it is not
crime but let's see if we don't tell me
name and we don't say names and each one
which interpreter we are going to say it without nom or
we can or we can use code names
with no no no no that I know your name in
key to see
I tell you that I know your names in
key but what we are saying about the
beds that I have missed can you imagine
tell it tell it without
names without names eh
but no hints of a name
Hey, he's tense, hey, it's like when
waiting for you Who is waiting for you You Let's see
now it's going to be a
nonsense Not me for me that no that it
Say it Ah, you're afraid to say it yourself
Okay, so Mel just told me why
PR and a little bit A
see Look I don't say I don't say names like
It doesn't matter, you can say it without names
According to a source I can't
reveal your identity Me neither
It hasn't arrived to me, it has arrived to me, there is
a person that many of us could know
that has reported is not so famous is not
so famous Well a person who has
reported another because this other
would have announced an infidelity
and then there were other reprisals as well
towards that person and finally eh By
Another source that has come down to us is that
confirmed that there was not one but that
were
three or one person three
infidelities a person announced a
infidelity therefore the person
that I let the cat out of the bag is me
made eh received a lawsuit And then
the other person in response to the
demand has said because you have me
sued because it is not an infidelity
three seeking two other non-O lawsuits
be as in the it is not like that not the part
final is a data the final part is a
data because I have tried to find out
what infidelity it was but as there are several
I didn't know what it was then he told me
No, no, three have confirmed it to me.
I misread it, I'll explain in a moment.
I'll explain it better to you in a moment.
perfect but out of stream
let's see but, man, no, there's no reason. Cos there is.
things that cannot be told Yes but
not counting those things that cannot be done
count I mean no I am very I am very very
innocent in that but let's see the m 4
Years of law served me well
They say toad toad toad but it is precisely the
studied law you know that we are
talking about nothing and nothing And if someone
has been alluded to is that he has committed something
Let me explain. I mean, there is, there is, there is, there is
an elite youtuber or a streamer or
one who has committed several infidelities
his
couple and then
supposedly made them public by
Therefore these infidelities are known
already or maybe in a small committee, man
If they are suing him, he has done so in
public in a small committee cannot help me
sue if I tell you something
in